Latest News Marine

 9 minutes August 8, 2015

The designation of the Republic of Korea as an illegal fishing country and the escape story

Written by: Taehyun Park, Marine Protection Campaigner, Greenpeace Seoul Office

content1
For the past two years, Korea's deep-sea fishing industry has been in great crisis as the US and EU have designated Korea as an illegal fishing country and a potential illegal fishing country. There have been major changes, such as large-scale law revisions and reform measures for the development of the deep-sea fishing industry, until the US and EU lifted their designations as illegal fishing countries in February and April 2015, respectively. Throughout this entire process, Greenpeace has raised its voice and urged Korea to prevent illegal fishing.
When checking the origin of clean and fresh-looking seafood in a neat mart, if it says “offshore,” I usually choose it with peace of mind. This is because offshore seafood is perceived as “good fish caught by our fishermen.”

However, over the past two years, Korea’s deep-sea fishing industry has been in great crisis as the US and EU have designated Korea as an illegal fishing country and a potential illegal fishing country. There have been major changes, such as large-scale legal revisions and reform measures for the development of the deep-sea fishing industry, until the US and EU lifted their designations as illegal fishing countries in February and April 2015, respectively. Throughout this entire process, Greenpeace has raised its voice and urged Korea to prevent illegal fishing.

content2
#1. Illegal fishing by our country's deep-sea fishing vessels in various waters around the world is revealed
Committing illegal, unreported, and unregulated (IUU) fishing directly leads to a loss of international status. For Korea, a member of the OECD, this is not only an act that does not conform to international norms, but also an outdated act that depletes public resources that everyone uses for the short-term interests of a few. As cases of illegal fishing by Korean deep-sea fishing vessels were revealed and Korea was designated as an illegal fishing country by the United States and a potential illegal fishing country by the European Union, it clearly showed that Korea has not yet taken the lead in solving the common challenges of the 21st century.

Illegal fishing is a destructive fishing method that threatens the marine ecosystem, steals resources from coastal countries, and is often associated with dirty industrial practices such as human rights abuses against fishermen. There are 34 cases summarized in the illegal fishing report published by Greenpeace in April 2013 alone. Korea's illegal fishing is not simply the fault of a few deep-sea fishing vessels, but a structural problem of the deep-sea industry that has been rampant in the world's oceans, from tuna and toothfish to migratory fish. It is even more shocking that among the companies that committed illegal fishing , there were familiar companies representing Korea.

The reality and problems of illegal, unregulated (IUU) fishing in Korea

content3
#2. Criticism from the international community, and eventually being designated as an illegal fishing country
Korea, a 'deep-sea power' with 342 fishing vessels [1] in the world's five oceans, has taken measures that do not meet the standards of the international community despite the numerous illegal fishing activities caused by the deep-sea industry. It has tried to cover up the situation by imposing lenient punishments that do not correspond to the scale of the crime, remaining silent , and even opposing the listing of illegal fishing vessels on the list of illegal fishing vessels in regional fisheries management organizations .

Although illegal fishing is not only committed by the Korean industry, the Korean government has shown a lenient attitude toward illegal fishing by its own deep-sea fishing industry in recent years, which has led many governments, including the United States, to take note of the Korean government’s inadequate measures and the level of sanctions against illegal fishing. Eventually, in January 2013, the United States added Korea to the list of illegal fishing countries along with nine countries, including Colombia, Ecuador, and Ghana , and in November of the same year, the European Union also designated Korea as a potential illegal fishing country, citing the Korean government’s inadequate control over illegal fishing .

Designation of illegal, unreported, and unregulated (IUU) fishing countries by the international community

The designation of Korea as an illegal fishing country has dealt a huge blow to Korea's status on the international stage. In particular, among the countries designated as illegal fishing countries, Korea is a country with infrastructure and economic power, and a long history of developing deep-sea industries. Therefore, the loss of national prestige due to the designation as an illegal fishing country was felt even more severely.

The damage suffered when being designated as an illegal fishing country does not end with international embarrassment. Both the United States and the European Union have established appropriate legal systems to prevent illegal fishing, and have identified countries that do not manage and preserve regional fisheries management organizations, and have imposed sanctions such as sanctions on trade in fisheries products within the United States and the European Union and a ban on port use for all vessels from the country . In particular, if a country is designated as an illegal fishing country by the European Union, there is the added risk of breaking existing fisheries agreements. The resulting economic losses are truly enormous.

content4
#3. Greenpeace, working to help Korea escape illegal fishing
The first step to solving a problem is to recognize the problem accurately. In April 2013, Greenpeace reported that illegal fishing practices by Korean deep-sea fishing vessels were inappropriate. Through this, we once again confirmed to the public and the international community that illegal fishing in Korea is a widespread practice and a problem that must be taken seriously. This was also the first step to requesting reform from the Korean government and the Korean deep-sea fishing industry.

They also called for an investigation through peaceful direct actions in front of the Dongwon tuna fishing vessel Premiere, which is under investigation for illegal fishing in Liberian waters . They also carried out peaceful direct actions in Montevideo Port, Uruguay and Gamcheon Port, Busan against the Insung 7 and Insung 3, which have repeatedly violated Argentina’s exclusive waters, respectively, to show citizens that they are “illegal fishing vessels.”

Greenpeace's activities to help South Korea escape being designated as an illegal fishing country

Even if it is the deep-sea fishing vessels that committed illegal fishing, the more fundamental problem is that the Korean government prioritized the interests of the industry over the public and national interests. The outdated laws and systems related to the deep-sea industry and the level of awareness that is insensitive or behind the international community’s efforts to sustainably manage marine resources are areas that desperately need reform.

In May 2013, Greenpeace held a National Assembly policy workshop with officials from each government department to suggest the direction for Korea’s deep-sea fisheries policy . Since then, we have continuously made suggestions for institutional improvement during the two revisions to the 『Distant Sea Fisheries Development Act』. From analyzing the first revision and delivering a reform plan to the government to supplement the insufficient parts , to analyzing the loopholes in the revised bill after the first revision and suggesting a stronger bill to the government , to delivering an opinion on the revision of subordinate statutes for the proper implementation of the 『Distant Sea Fisheries Development Act』, Greenpeace has continuously presented solutions for Korea to eradicate illegal fishing and move toward a law that meets international standards for sustainable fisheries.

content5
#4. Finally, the revised Deep Sea Fisheries Development Act and the remaining tasks after the removal of the illegal fishing country designation 
The Deep Sea Industry Development Act, promulgated in January 2015, is the first step in a long journey to structurally improve the deep sea industry, which has continued the deep sea fishery model of half a century ago. In recognition of the efforts to improve the system, the United States and the European Union decided to lift the designation of Korea as an illegal fishing country. This is because they recognized the reform of representative laws related to the deep sea industry and the strengthening of supervision, control, and surveillance of deep sea fishing vessels as positive changes. The cooperation between the government, the deep sea fishery industry, and NGOs in this process became an important foundation for positive changes. The meaning was greater because there was cooperation to solve problems in each position.

Revision of the Distant Sea Fisheries Development Act and Escape from Illegal, Unregulated, and Untapped Fishing Countries (IUU), but Continued Efforts and Implementation Needed for Sustainable Fisheries

However, the economic value lost due to illegal fishing worldwide still amounts to approximately 10 billion euros (12.5 trillion won) per year. This is equivalent to approximately 15% of the world's catch [2] . Greenpeace supports Korea to start by escaping from being an illegal fishing country and to become a true ocean power that can lead sustainable fishing. Greenpeace's campaign to eradicate illegal fishing will continue until the day when the world can promise legal, sustainable, and ethical industrial operations.

▶ [Infographic] View the story of escaping illegal fishing in South Korea

[1]  2014 Offshore Industry Statistical Yearbook (Korea Offshore Industry Association)

[2]  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_MEMO-14-211_en.htm