Latest News Marine 9 minutes August 08, 2015

mainSection
Designation and escape period as an illegal fishing country of the deep-sea power Korea
Written by Park Tae-hyun, Greenpeace Seoul Office Marine Conservation Campaigner
For the past two years, as Korea was designated as an illegal fishing country and a preliminary illegal fishing country by the United States and the European Union, the Korean deep-sea industry was in a crisis. Until the designation as an illegal fishing country was lifted from the US and the European Union in February and April 2015, respectively, there were major changes such as major law revisions and reform measures for the development of the deep-sea industry. We have been calling for the prevention of illegal fishing.
When checking the origin of clean and fresh seafood at a neat mart, if it says 'Made in Wonyang', I usually choose it with confidence. It is because Wonyangsan is recognized as 'good fish caught by our fishermen'.

However, as Korea was designated as an illegal fishing country and a preliminary illegal fishing country by the United States and the European Union for the past two years, the Korean deep-sea industry was in a crisis. Until the designation as an illegal fishing country was lifted from the US and the European Union in February and April 2015, respectively, there were major changes such as major law revisions and reform measures for the development of the deep sea industry. We have been calling for the prevention of illegal fishing.

article1
#One. Illegal fishing by Korean deep-sea fishing boats in various seas around the world revealed
Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated (IUU) fishing is directly related to the loss of international status. It is not only an act that is not in line with international norms for Korea, a member of the OECD, but also an outdated act that depletes public resources shared by all for the short-term benefit of a few. In the process of being designated as an illegal fishing country by the United States and a reserve illegal fishing country by the European Union due to the disclosure of cases of illegal fishing by Korean deep-sea fishing boats, Korea is still facing a common task in the 21st century and has not taken the lead to solve it. It has definitely been shown that

Illegal fishing is a destructive fishing method that threatens marine ecosystems, steals resources from coastal countries, and is often associated with dirty industrial methods such as violations of human rights of seafarers . There are 34 cases listed in Greenpeace's report on illegal fishing in April 2013 . Illegal fishing in Korea was not simply the fault of some deep-sea fishing boats, but a structural problem in the deep-sea industry that was rampant in the world's oceans, from tuna and toothfish to migratory fish. It was even more shocking that some of the companies that committed illegal fishing were familiar companies representing Korea .

Current Status and Problems of Illegal Fishing (IUU) in Korea


article2
#2. Criticism from the international community, and eventually designated as an illegal fishing country
Korea, a 'far-powerful country' with 342 fishing boats [1] in the world's five oceans, has taken measures that do not meet the standards of the international community as a flag state despite numerous illegal fishing activities caused by the deep-sea industry. The local fisheries management organization tried to rectify the situation, with the local fisheries management organization opposing the strict punishment not commensurate with the scale of the crime , the silence , and even the listing of fishing boats engaged in illegal fishing on the list of illegal fishing boats .

It is not only the Korean industry that engages in illegal fishing, but the Korean government has shown a tolerant attitude toward illegal fishing by its deep-sea fishery industry over the past few years. made me pay attention. Eventually the US has listed the illegal fishing station list South Korea with 9 countries, such as January 2013, Colombia, Ecuador, Ghana , followed by a year in November as the European Union also Korea to insufficient control of South Korea for illegal fishing two euros Designated as a reserve illegal fishing country .

Designated as an Illegal Fishing Authority (IUU) by the international community

The designation of the country as an illegal fishing country has severely damaged Korea's status on the international stage. In particular, among the countries designated as an illegal fishing country, Korea is a country with infrastructure and economic power and a deep history of development of the deep-sea industry.

The damage inflicted by being designated as an illegal fishing country does not end with international disgrace. Both the United States and the European Union identify countries that do not make efforts to manage and preserve local fisheries management organizations by establishing appropriate legal systems to prevent illegal fishing, and impose sanctions on fisheries trade in the United States and the European Union, respectively, and all vessels in those countries. harbor sanctions, such as a ban on the use of putting. In particular, if it is designated as an illegal fishing country by the European Union, the risk of breaking the existing fisheries agreement is added. The economic loss caused by this is staggering.

article3
#3. Greenpeace Launches Activities to Escape Korea's Illegal Fishing Country
The first step to solving a problem is to correctly recognize the problem. In April 2013, Greenpeace exposed the inappropriate illegal fishing practices of Korean deep-sea fishing boats in a report. Through this, I once again confirmed to the citizens and the international community that illegal fishing in Korea is a widely practiced custom and an issue that should be taken seriously. It was also the first step in calling for reforms to the Korean government and the Korean ocean industry.

He also called for an investigation through the peaceful direct action that took place in front of the Prmier, a tuna fishing vessel that is being investigated for illegal fishing in Liberia waters . The Inseong Unemployment toothfish fishing boats Inseong 7 and 3, which invaded Argentina's exclusive waters several times , carried out peaceful direct actions at Montevideo Port, Uruguay and Gamcheon Port, Busan, respectively, to convince citizens that they were "illegal fishing boats".

Activities carried out by Greenpeace to escape Korea's designation as an illegal fishing country

Even if it was the deep-sea fishing boats who committed illegal fishing, the more fundamental problem is that the Korean government prioritized the interests of the industry over the public and national interests. The outdated legal system related to the deep sea industry and the level of awareness that were insensitive or lagged behind the international community's efforts to manage marine resources in a sustainable way were an area that desperately needed reform.

In May 2013, Greenpeace held a National Assembly policy workshop with officials from various government ministries to suggest the direction for Korea's ocean fisheries policy . Starting with this, during the two revisions of the 「Wonyang Industry Development Act」, we have continued to make suggestions for system improvement. Analyzing the first amendment and delivering a reform proposal to the government to make up for the shortcomings, analyzing the loopholes in the revised bill after the first amendment and proposing a stronger bill to the government, Until the submission of comments on the sub-law amendments for implementation , Greenpeace has continued to offer solutions that enable Korea to eradicate illegal fishing and move toward international standards for sustainable fisheries.

article4
#4. Finally, the amended Deep Sea Industry Development Act, and the tasks remaining after the removal of the designation as an illegal fishing country 
The Deep Sea Industry Development Act promulgated in January 2015 is the first step in a long journey to structurally improve the deep sea industry, which continues the deep sea fishing model of half a century ago. In recognition of their efforts to improve the system, the United States and the European Union decided to lift Korea's designation as an illegal fishing country. This is because they recognized the reform of the representative laws related to the deep-sea industry and the reinforcement of supervision, control and monitoring of deep-sea fishing boats as positive changes. In this process, cooperation between governments, pelagic fisheries and NGOs has been an important foundation for positive change. It was more meaningful because there was cooperation to solve problems in their respective places.

Amendment of the Deep Sea Industry Development Act and escape from the Illegal Fisheries Authority (IUU), but continuous efforts and implementation are required for sustainable fishing

However, the economic value lost worldwide due to illegal fishing still amounts to about 10 billion euros (12.5 trillion won) per year. This accounts for about 15% of the world catch [2] . Greenpeace supports Korea to become a true deep-sea powerhouse that can lead sustainable fishing by becoming more mature, starting with the country's escape from an illegal fishing country. Greenpeace's campaign to eradicate illegal fishing will continue until the day the world can commit to legal, sustainable and ethical industrial operation.

▶ [Infographic] View the escape from illegal fishing in Korea