[상단제목]
Press Release Marine
 3 minutes June 16, 2025
[Statement] UNOC3 Closing: "Countdown to Global Maritime Treaty Entry into Force"
[작성자부분]
Written by: Greenpeace
[내 비순차 목록 -01]
During the UNOC period, 20 countries ratified the Global Maritime Treaty, bringing the total to 50 countries and the EU.
[내 비순차 목록 -02]
South Korea, which has declared its bid for the 4th UNOC, should support the expansion of high-seas protection zones and a temporary moratorium on deep-sea mining.
[내 비순차 목록 -03]
It's regrettable that the US deep-sea mining project ended without specific sanctions.

[문단 - 01]
(June 15, 2025) The Third United Nations Oceanographic Conference (UNOC3) concluded on the 13th (local time in France). The conference's most significant achievement was the acceleration of ratification of the Global Ocean Treaty (the Agreement on the Conservation and Sustainable Use of Marine Biodiversity in Areas Beyond National Jurisdiction under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, BBNJ).

[문단 - 02]
The Global Marine Treaty (BBNJ) is the only legal instrument for establishing protected areas in international waters, the high seas, and serves as a key foundation for protecting 30% of the world's oceans (30x30) by 2030. The treaty will enter into force 120 days after 60 countries have ratified it.

[문단 - 03]
This UNOC meeting was seen as a de facto "Maginot Line" for ratifying the Global Ocean Treaty and achieving the 30x30 goal. During the meeting, a whopping 20 countries participated in the ratification process. As of the 14th, a total of 50 countries and the European Union (EU) had ratified the treaty. According to media reports, several more countries are expected to ratify before the UN General Assembly in September.

[문단 - 04]
Regarding this, Kim Yeon-ha, Greenpeace Oceans Campaigner, said, “With less than 2% of the world’s high seas protected areas and less than four and a half years left to achieve the 30x30 global goal, swift action is more urgent than ever.” She added, “Korea, which has ratified the BBNJ Convention, must quickly designate priority high seas protection areas as marine protected areas and support a moratorium on deep-sea mining to truly become a leading country in marine conservation.”

[문단 - 05]
On the 10th, Minister of Oceans and Fisheries Kang Do-hyung officially declared the Ministry's intention to host the 4th UN Ocean Conference at the UNOC in Nice, France. Campaigner Kim emphasized, "Now, we must earn the trust of the international community by implementing the declaration in a practical manner."

[문단 - 06]
Another key agenda item at this year's UNOC was deep-sea mining. Many countries, including civil society organizations and the UNOC host country, raised their voices at this ocean conference calling for a halt to deep-sea mining. UN Secretary-General António Guterres stated, "The deep sea must not become another 'Wild West,'" and French President Emmanuel Macron emphasized, "A moratorium on deep-sea mining is an international imperative."

[문단 - 07]
[버튼 - https://www.greenpeace.org/international/press-release/74249/us-government-confirms-their-support-for-deep-sea-mining-plans-that-bypass-united-nations-greenpeace-response/]
In April, US President Donald Trump sparked controversy by issuing an executive order titled "Opening America's Ocean Core Minerals and Resources,"

stating that "the deep sea has been a neglected asset until now  ." This prompted the scientific community, civic groups, and various countries to call for a global moratorium on deep-sea mining. During the UNOC meeting, four additional countries declared support for the moratorium, bringing the total to 37. The issue is expected to be addressed in earnest at the International Seabed Authority (ISA) meeting in July.

[문단 - 08]
“Ratification of the Global Ocean Treaty is now within reach, but it is disappointing that it has ended without concrete commitments to halt deep-sea mining,” said Megan Randles, Greenpeace UNOC Delegate. “The words exchanged in Nice must be translated into concrete action. Countries must support global cooperation and make the historic decision to halt deep-sea mining this year.”

[문단 - 09]
“Coastal communities, indigenous communities, and small-scale fishers have long protected the oceans. But they are being marginalized by industries that destroy ecosystems and violate human rights,” said Nichanan Thantanwit, Ocean Justice Project Leader at Greenpeace. “As the UNOC concludes, governments must recognize the rights of small-scale fishers and indigenous communities. Without these long-standing guardians of the oceans, there can be no ocean protection.”

[문단 - 10]
Meanwhile, at this year's UNOC, a ministerial declaration by 95 countries regarding a strong plastics agreement was announced. This was to urge the creation of a strong agreement, including a reduction in plastic production, ahead of the fifth meeting of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee (INC5.2) for the International Convention on Plastics, to be held in Geneva, Switzerland in August. The Korean government did not sign this declaration.
(Related information:
[버튼 - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N1sY1fOvp3sRWkmdakN7S5Om6nnviuxHoowQv6oXjL0/edit?tab=t.vps3hr41fbet]
[Greenpeace Report] 95 UN Member States' Nice Declaration on a 'Strong Plastics Agreement' )

[문단 - 11]
Greenpeace has been campaigning through its offices around the world to designate 30% of the high seas as marine protected areas (MPAs) by 2030 (30x30), emphasizing the importance of a global marine treaty that establishes the legal foundation for this goal. Greenpeace plans to continue urging the Korean government to faithfully implement the global marine treaty and campaign for the swift expansion of MPAs on the high seas.