Latest News Marine 3 minutes June 24, 2019

mainSection

Special morning commute with penguins
Written by Greenpeace

'Ocean Defender' was created to commemorate World Penguin Day this year. Citizens who love the sea have gathered to protect the fast-destroying marine ecosystem. Citizens are taking action to create more sanctuaries for all of our oceans.
Citizens dancing in the shape of a penguin in front of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts<Citizens dancing in the shape of a penguin in front of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts>

Citizens gathered to deliver a message to protect the Antarctic Ocean<Citizens gathered in one place to deliver a message to protect the Antarctic Ocean>

The rough road the penguin is walking on
Currently, Antarctica is being destroyed at a faster rate than anywhere else on Earth. Due to climate change, glaciers are melting and sea ice is rapidly freezing, causing major changes in penguin habitats.

A flock of penguins on an Antarctic glacier<Flock of penguins on the Antarctic glacier>

Krill, the main food of penguins, appears frequently on TV these days (it is often referred to as 'krill shrimp' because it has a shape similar to 'shrimp' as a zooplankton).

“Good for diet.”
“It has omega 3 benefits.”

This is because nutritional supplements made from oil extracted from krill caught in the clean areas of the Antarctic Ocean are gaining popularity. The global krill oil market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 13% through 2021. Recently in Korea, the efficacy of krill is known through home shopping, and the demand for krill oil is increasing remarkably. Krill fishing has been active in Antarctica since 1961. Antarctic waters fishing activity is growing more and more as demand for krill rises, which is rapidly destroying Antarctic ecosystems such as krill.

If global warming continues at the current rate, glacier-dependent Antarctic krill could lose 20-55% of its habitat by the end of this century. Krill is the main food for Antarctic marine life such as whales and seals as well as penguins, and plays a very important role in maintaining the Antarctic ecosystem. It is urgent to protect the Antarctic Ocean so that penguins are no longer harmed by these profit-oriented activities.

A positive move for the blue sea
On the World Penguin Day on April 25th, Greenpeace, the Citizens' Environment Research Institute, and the Federation of Environmental Movements performed a penguin dance performance at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts. The annual meeting of the Commission on Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR) in October this year is an important place to discuss whether to designate marine protected areas around the East Antarctic Sea, Weddell Sea and the Antarctic Peninsula. At this event, citizens gathered to strongly demand that the Korean government take an active role in designating an Antarctic marine protected area.

Currently, there is no agreement to protect high seas such as the Antarctic Ocean. Only recently have UN member states been negotiating to enact a UN Treaty of the Seas that aims to protect the high seas by 2020.

To achieve this, Greenpeace has organized 'Ocean Defenders', a community of citizens who will speak out for ocean protection. Starting with World Penguin Day, the activists of Ocean Defender will strongly demand that our government protect the world's pollution in the future in line with the needs of citizens.

Greenpeace's environmental monitoring ship 'Rainbow Warrior' heading towards high seas<Greenpeace's environmental monitoring ship 'Rainbow Warrior' heading towards the high seas>

Over the past year, Greenpeace has launched a strong campaign with citizens around the world to designate the Weddell Sea Reserve in Antarctica. The activities of 2.7 million citizens around the world, including 60,000 in Korea, have led to positive changes. In March 2018, British health supplement brand Holland & Barrett decided to stop selling krill products in stores worldwide. In July, the majority of companies in the Association of Krill Fishers (ARK) voluntarily pledged to stop krill fishing in certain areas, for a period and for a time in Antarctic Peninsula waters.

Just as small waves come together to make big waves, please add your strength so that the activities of 'Ocean Defender' can become a big change for a sustainable planet!

Join the Marine Conservation Campaign (mainSignPage)