Latest News Marine3 minutes July 27, 2021

mainSection

Iridescent sea of ​​diversity
By Willie Mackenzie Greenpeace International Ocean Campaigner

Greenpeace has been associated with the rainbow flag since its inception. Under the name of 'Rainbow Warrior', the rainbow can be said to be a representative color that symbolizes our hope and diversity. Last June was LGBTQIA+ Pride Month. Diversity is the goal of Greenpeace and what makes us stronger.

Diverse sexual orientations and gender identities are by no means limited to humans. You can also see the wonderful iridescent diversity of marine life. Fantastic relationships exist in the sea that are too colorful and complex to be included in one blog. If marine creatures could set Facebook's 'relationship status', most would set it to 'complex dating'.

 

Of course, sexual orientation, gender identity , and romantic relationships are just concepts created by humans. In the animal world, there is no LGBTQIA+ hatred, prejudice or hatred. If so, what do the 'queer creatures' found in the sea look like?

 
article2
Seahorses love both males and females!


In seahorses, the male incubates the eggs and gives birth. It is different from the human gender role. It has recently been discovered that most seahorses are bisexual, and they have sex with both males and females. This characteristic of the seahorse is prominent in tropical species, with the exception of those living in the cold waters of England. I can't help but blame the cold! 

 
article3
Albatross lesbian couple supporting each other


In some habitats, such as Oahu, Hawaii, a third of albatross nests are housed by two female couples. Female albatrosses conceive through the male, but after the eggs hatch, two females raise the young. A female albatross couple exhibits a partnership of dedication to each other's partners, raising their calves year after year through shared parenting. 

 
article4
Starfish are hermaphrodites!


Found in rock pools, kelp forests and beaches around the world, starfish and sea urchins are completely genderless. This is because starfish and sea urchins are hermaphrodites that can become male and female on their own. Hermaphrodites are common in invertebrates. Although hermaphrodites do need a partner to mate with, their gender is no barrier.

 
article5
I'll be a male if you need it! No surprises!


Both the Bluehead Whale and Humpback are born female. A powerful male and several female guinea pigs live in small groups. If one male dies or disappears, the most powerful female will change sex to a male. This process is known as 'sequential hermaphrodite', and the female undergoes the process of becoming a male through physical changes.  

 
article6
Then me, the clownfish, from male to female!


Contrary to surprise, all clownfish are born male, but can later change their gender to female. Clownfish and sea anemones live in small groups under the command of a single powerful female, with a small number of males maintaining strict hierarchies. If the head female disappears, the male with the highest rank will change to a female, and all males will be promoted one rank at a time. Do you know the world's most famous clownfish, Nemo? This is a new fact that was not known from the movie 'Finding Nemo'!

 
article7
Secrets of a pack of young male killer whales


Killer whales are nothing to be afraid of. Surprisingly, he is also a lover! When young killer whales are old enough to leave their families, they naturally form groups of only young males. They eat, play, and play together, but sometimes have a male-to-male relationship. It is said that no one of the herds is left out and enjoys being together. 

 

So far, we have briefly discussed the diversity of marine life. I haven't even had time to mention LGBTQIA+ penguins and dolphins, seals and squid yet. How about the strange and diverse appearances of animals familiar to us? I hope this is a time to check how much commonalities humans and marine life have in common and what we can learn from those ecosystems. 

We want to designate 30% of the world's oceans as marine reserves to protect our oceans and protect marine life. Please work together for a rainbow-colored sea that embraces diversity. 

 

Let's save the sea together.