[상단제목]
Press Release Plastics
 3 minutes June 12, 2025
[Report] How much microplastic is there in Jeju Gimnyeong Beach?
The Pulpuri Solidarity holds a forum titled 'A New Beginning, Reducing Plastic Production' to mark Environment Day

[작성자 부분]
Written by: Greenpeace
 [이미지]
 [문단 - 01]
On June 4th, in celebration of Environment Day, the Plastics Solidarity held a forum to unveil the international plastics agreement proposed by civil society.

[비순차목록 - 01]
◌ On June 4, the forum “A New Beginning, Reducing Plastic Production” was held by the 16 domestic and international civic groups, the Solidarity for Plastic Pollution (a solidarity working to eradicate plastic problems). At this forum, the theme was “Beat Plastic Pollution,” and in time for World Environment Day in 2025, the “Ambitionary International Plastics Agreement We Want” was announced for the first time. The forum presentation materials  can be found at the following link ( https://readmore.do/fZba ).

[비순차목록 - 02]
◌ Team leader Jong-soo Lee of the Ocean Monitoring Research Team of the East Asia Sea Community, who gave the keynote speech, presented the results of a microplastic survey conducted with Greenpeace on Gimnyeong Beach in Jeju. According to the survey, the concentration of large microplastics and medium-sized plastics was approximately 4 times and 21 times higher than the national average, respectively, and the main source of pollution was confirmed to be expanded polystyrene (EPS) derived from fish farm buoys. In addition, the concentration of pellets was found to be more than 10 times higher than the national beach average. Team leader Jong-soo Lee warned, “This survey shows how widespread and complex plastic pollution is beyond the management issue of a specific beach, and how fundamental solutions are urgently needed. Plastic waste is generated throughout the entire process, from production and use to distribution and disposal, and eventually flows into the ocean. Therefore, the waste accumulated on the beach is only the final surface of marine pollution, and can be seen as a symbolic result that reveals the complex structural problems behind it.”

[비순차목록 - 03]
◌ Next, Byun Su-bin, the representative of the marine environmental group Deepda Jeju, gave a presentation based on data collected from freediving on marine debris. According to data on hazardous marine debris collected from January to May of this year, 54 syringes, 260 vials, and 155 other pharmaceuticals were included among the 20,532 kg of marine debris. Byun Su-bin emphasized, “Among marine debris, plastic medical waste is particularly dangerous in terms of its toxicity and potential for spreading, and requires delicate and thorough management. However, it is currently not being properly managed, and since it crosses borders along ocean currents, the response of a single country is limited. Therefore, an international joint monitoring system is essential, and the only solution that can implement this is an ambitious international plastics agreement.”

[이미지]
[비순차목록 - 04]
◌ Next, Director Kim Won of the Occupational Health and Safety Research Institute revealed the results of a biomonitoring project with citizens, stating that “Koreans are contaminated with various environmental hormones due to hazardous chemicals used in plastics, and their exposure level is higher than in other countries.” In particular, he emphasized that among the chemicals that are unintentionally exposed in an environment surrounded by plastics, environmental hormones that have been proven to be hazardous can cause various diseases such as cancer, developmental and reproductive toxicity, precocious puberty, obesity, and diabetes. Representative hazardous substances in plastics include phthalates, perfluorinated compounds (PFAS), and organophosphorus flame retardants, and if they are not sufficiently protected from these, the risk of serious diseases such as precocious puberty, ADHD, breast cancer, and infertility increases. Director Kim Won pointed out that “Plastics pollute the Earth, and hazardous substances in plastics threaten the environment and human health,” and said, “Our country cannot escape its influence. This is why global plastic production regulations and strict regulations on hazardous substances in plastics are necessary.”

[비순차목록 - 05]
◌ Arpita Bhagat, Asia Pacific Plastics Policy Officer for the Global Alliance for Incinerator Alternatives (GAIA), which has been actively participating in the negotiations for the international plastics agreement, pointed out that “the current agreement, which has failed to reach a final agreement and is in a deadlock, is weakly binding and lacks chemical regulations, financial support, and practical implementation measures.” She predicted that “substantial progress will be made only between negotiation sessions, and discussions will likely focus on future schedules and the election of a chair. In addition, strong policies and financial support, as well as leadership from countries like Korea, are needed for an ambitious agreement,” she urged.

[비순차목록 - 06]
◌ Lastly, Yoo Hye-in, Head of Resource Circulation Team at the Korean Federation for Environmental Movements, and Park Jeong-eum, Head of Resource Circulation Team at the Seoul Environmental Federation, announced the 'Ambitious International Plastics Agreement We Want' centered on the reduction of primary plastic polymers and Common But Differentiated Responsibilities (CBDR) among the parties. The agreement text is based on the 'Chair's Text', the official basis document for the negotiations of the 5th Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee released on December 1, 2024, and is composed with a focus on the entire life cycle of plastics, excluding all sentences that weaken the binding force of the agreement. In particular, it clearly reflects the principle that 'those who are responsible pay the cost, and those who are most affected receive support first.' The two activists, referring to the new government launched that day, emphasized, “In order for President-elect Lee Jae-myung to implement the plastic-free policy he pledged, the government must agree to an agreement document that includes a reduction in plastic production at the 5.2nd Intergovernmental Negotiation Committee, and the Korean delegation must play a leading role in the international community to conclude an ambitious agreement with ministerial-level participation.”

(end)