Interested campaign registration
marine protection
Ocean
start date
November 2013
area of ​​interest
global
20%

article1
Campaign Goal
To protect the sea as a sustainable space, we are requesting the enactment of a maritime treaty from UN member states, including Korea, to designate a 'marine protected area' with international binding force.

article2
Did you know?
The high seas, which account for 61% of the total sea area, are completely unprotected from human profit-seeking activities.
Despite the most effective ways to protect the oceans, only 2% of the world's oceans have marine protected areas that do not allow any human activities, such as fishing, scientific experiments and tourism.

article3
problem
The sea is suffering from human profit-seeking activities such as climate change, plastic pollution, deep-sea mining, oil drilling, and fishing. The population of marine life, including turtles, coral reefs and sharks, has declined sharply over the past few decades.

The problem is that there is no international treaty that can protect waters outside of national jurisdiction, i.e. the high seas.

Greenpeace is demanding that the international community fulfill its responsibility to protect the high seas through the enactment of the UN Maritime Treaty, which will serve as the basis for the designation of a 'marine protected area'.

article4
research and investigation
Starting with the Antarctic Ocean Conservation Campaign in 2018, Greenpeace has continuously communicated with the academic community about the crisis and seriousness facing the sea and the need to protect the sea. After the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) adopted a resolution in 2016 to designate at least 30% of the world's oceans as marine protected areas by 2030, in April, the research team at Oxford University and York University in the UK and the IUCN resolution goal were realized. Published a report proving the possibility. Since then, the Greenpeace Environmental Watch has published scientific research and reports on seas in crisis through ship tours from the Arctic to the Antarctic.

arfticle4 - history
Completed March 2018
Report released on the problem of overfishing of krill, the main food of Antarctic animals

June 2018 completed
Publication of the report 'Antarctic Plastics and Chemicals' revealing the current situation of Antarctic pollution revealed by the Antarctic expedition

Completed April 2019
Publication of the '30x30' report with a roadmap to designate 30% of the ocean as a protected area by 2030

June 2019 completed
Publication of the report 'Deep-sea Mining: In the Deep Water' warns of the dangers of deep-sea mining that threatens marine biodiversity

Completed November 2019
Published a report on 'ghost fishing gear' that denounced the reality that fishing gear, such as fishing nets, that were discarded or lost after being used for fishing in the sea, floats like a ghost in the sea, suffocating marine life.

Completed December 2019
Published a report titled 'Sea Turtles in Danger', which traced and studied the routes that 6 out of 7 species travel in search of food for endangered sea turtles.

Scheduled to be completed in 2021
A research study looking at changes in the amount of algae, the food of marine life, according to changes in the Arctic environment according to various seasons and sea surface temperature

article5
campaign activity
Greenpeace conducts surveys and research activities using an environmental watchtower to inform the urgency of signing the UN Maritime Treaty. Together with 'Ocean Defender', a citizen group that delivers Greenpeace's marine protection message, the Korean government delegation to the UN Maritime Treaty request to be signed.


article5 - History
Completed April 2019
On the occasion of 'World Penguin Day', 'Ocean Defender', composed of solidarity civic groups and citizens, takes direct action to urge the protection of the Antarctic Ocean

Completed from April 2019 to March 2020
Greenpeace's environmental monitoring ship 'Esperanza' conducts marine ecosystem research and activities

October 2019
At the World Maritime Forum held in Busan, large-scale citizen participation activities were conducted to request active support for the UN Maritime Treaty in order to restore the international honor of the Korean government, which will be included in the reserve illicit fisheries again.

April 2020 
Delivered signatures of 3 million citizens requesting the designation of a marine protected area to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries and the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Korean delegation to the UN Convention on the Sea.

Currently in progress in 2020
Under the leadership of the civic community 'Ocean Defender', civic participation is being carried out to demand support from the Korean government for the UN Maritime Treaty.

slider - Carousel(*button - get involved)
Daily challenge for the planet

Ocean
seafood
688 participants
 
Ocean
Do not eat fry (young fish) or fish eggs
412 participants
 
Ocean
Clearing up trash on the beach and sandy beach
418 participants

Ocean
Use an inorganic sunscreen that does not contain oxybenzone or octinoxate that kills coral reefs
348 participants
 
Ocean
Avoid using face wash or household products that contain microplastics
608 participants


slider2 - Carousel
Latest Marine Conservation Activities

49418 signatures
Let's protect the sea together now
(*button - Sign Now)

Marine latest news
 Reading time 3 minutes June 24, 2019
Special morning commute with penguins

Marine latest news
 Reading time 7 minutes Feb 01, 2019
Photo Story: Explore the Great Southern Reef Full of Mysterious Creatures

plastic news
 Reading time 3 minutes December 24, 2018
The red signal the sea sends us

Marine latest news
 5 minutes to read October 08, 2018
Greenpeace's History Against Commercial Whaling


section
Make a difference with sponsorship!
Greenpeace operates solely with personal sponsorship for its political and financial independence. With your support, we can tackle major environmental challenges.

regular support min 15,000\ -
temporary Sponsorship 50,000\ -