[상단 제목]
Marine protection
Marine
Start date
November 2013
Area of ​​interest
Global
20%
 

[문단배너 - 01]
Campaign Goals
To protect the ocean as a sustainable space, we are calling on UN member states, including Korea, to enact a maritime treaty and designate "marine protected areas" with international binding force.

[문단 사진 구성]
Did you know?
The high seas, covering 61% of the total ocean surface, remain completely unprotected from human exploitation. Despite the most effective means of protecting the oceans, marine protected areas, which prohibit all human activities, including fishing, scientific experiments, and tourism, cover only 2% of the world's oceans.

[문단배너 - 02]
Problem
The oceans are suffering from climate change, plastic pollution, deep-sea mining, oil drilling, fishing, and other human pursuits driven by profit. Marine life, including sea turtles, coral reefs, and sharks, has plummeted over the past several decades. The problem lies in the absence of an international agreement to protect the high seas, areas beyond national jurisdiction. Greenpeace is calling for the international community to fulfill its responsibility to protect the high seas by enacting a UN Convention on the Sea, which will serve as the foundation for designating "marine protected areas."

[주제 목록 구성 - 01]
Research and investigation
Greenpeace launched the Antarctic Ocean Protection Campaign in 2018 and has been working with academics to raise awareness of the severity of the crisis facing the ocean and the need for ocean protection.

June 2021
World Oceans Day Commemoration: Marine Protected Areas: Solutions for a Crisis-Prone Ocean

July 2022
A global shark report, Hooked on Sharks, has been published, detailing the destructive overfishing of sharks caused by longline fishing in oceans around the world.

January 2022
Conducting an Antarctic expedition with the Greenpeace environmental monitoring vessel Arctic Sunrise to investigate changes in the Antarctic ecosystem and marine environment due to the climate crisis.

March 2022
The global "Squids in the Spotlight" report, which details the destructive overfishing of squid in the world's oceans, has been released.

September 2023
A roadmap for achieving 30x30, the report "Protecting the Oceans through Global Marine Treaties" was published.

[주제 목록 구성 - 02]
Campaign activities
Greenpeace is conducting research and investigations using environmental surveillance vessels to raise awareness of the urgency of concluding a UN maritime treaty, and together with Ocean Defenders, a civic group that also delivers Greenpeace's message of marine protection, Greenpeace has requested the Korean government delegation to conclude a UN maritime treaty.

July 2022
Greenpeace Antarctica Photo Exhibition, featuring vivid images of the Antarctic ecosystem observed from an environmental monitoring vessel, held in Yongsan, Seoul.

August 2022
Using 300 drones, endangered marine species were flown into the night sky of Seoul Forest Park, urging world leaders, including Korea, to sign a global maritime treaty.

February 2023
A marine conservation screening was held on the large screen at Hangang Park to urge the signing of a maritime treaty.

March 2023
A historic "global ocean treaty" to protect the world's oceans was signed at the UN Convention on the Conservation of Marine Biodiversity (CBD) Emergency Meeting in March 2023.

March 2025
South Korea becomes first in East Asia to ratify a global maritime treaty.

[챌린지 목록 - 참여토글기능]
Daily Challenge for the Earth

Marine
Avoid eating endangered seafood
1872 people participating
Join us

Marine
Do not eat fry (young fish) or fish eggs.
1148 people participating
Join us

Marine
Cleaning up trash on the beach and sandy shore
1125 people participating
Join us

Marine
Use inorganic sunscreens that do not contain oxybenzone or octinoxate, which kill coral reefs.
907 people participating
Join us

Marine
Avoid using cleansers or household products containing microplastics.
1672 people participating
Join us

[최신기사목록 - 해양보호]
Latest marine conservation activities

Latest Marine News
The Global Maritime Treaty 'BBNJ' Comes into Effect and Street Artists Take to the Streets
January 20, 2026

Marine Press Release
[Report] Mural projects unveiled around the world as the BBNJ Agreement takes effect… "A new era of pollution protection"
January 16, 2026

General Latest News
2025 Settlement: A Record of Marine Protection with Citizens
December 30, 2025

Marine Press Release
[Statement] South Korea Confirmed as Host of UNOC4: "Specific Plans for Protecting the High Seas Must Be Presented"
December 10, 2025
