Press Release Marine

 1 June 3, 2024

[Press Release] Greenpeace, Children and Giant Ocean Protection Puzzle for World Oceans Day… “Please Protect the Ocean by Ratifying the Global Ocean Treaty”

Written by: Greenpeace

The 'Puzzle Collect Ocean Protection' event for a healthy ocean for future generations was successfully held at Olympic Park on the 1st.
A 6m wide and 2.7m high puzzle installation featuring children's dream sea pictures
The last empty piece symbolizes the role of the government… Greenpeace and children call on the government to “protect the ocean by ratifying the global ocean treaty”
(June 1, 2024) International environmental group Greenpeace has installed a giant picture puzzle with children demanding that governments ratify a global ocean treaty to protect the oceans.

On the 1st, Greenpeace held the 'Puzzle Collect Ocean Protection' event with 120 children at the Olympic Park in Seoul. This event was planned to remind children of the importance of the ocean ahead of World Oceans Day (June 8) and to urge the government to ratify a global ocean treaty to protect the ocean.

The participating children collected 151 puzzle pieces depicting the ocean they dreamed of and installed a puzzle measuring 6m wide and 2.7m high. The puzzle board, which had a background of an ocean in danger due to trash and nets, was transformed into a clean ocean and healthy whales with the children’s drawings. The last piece left blank in the center of the puzzle shows the role of the government. Greenpeace delivered the message through the unfinished puzzle board that the government must participate in ratifying the global ocean treaty to create a clean ocean. 

In front of the puzzle board, children held banners they made themselves and shouted to the government to protect the ocean by ratifying the global ocean treaty. Kwon Da-yoon (7 years old), who participated in the event, said, “I hope whales and turtles can swim happily in the clean ocean. Please protect the ocean from getting sick.”

Kim Yeon-ha, Greenpeace Oceans Campaigner, said, “In order to leave a healthy ocean for future generations of children, strict ocean protection through international treaties is essential,” and “The government must listen to the voices of future generations of children and respond by quickly ratifying a global ocean treaty.”

Choi Da-na, Greenpeace Citizen Participation Campaigner, said, “This puzzle drawing event was planned with ideas directly from Greenpeace volunteers,” and added, “I hope that the earnest wishes of children and citizens who love the ocean will be conveyed to the government.”

In addition to drawing puzzles, the event also featured a variety of activities, including ocean stories told by ocean campaigners, true/false quizzes, and ocean video screenings, which received a great response. Participants learned about the role of the ocean, the marine ecosystem, the crises facing the ocean, and solutions, and reflected on the importance of ocean protection.

Meanwhile, according to a recent poll conducted by Greenpeace on 1,000 Koreans, 90% of the population supports ratification of the global ocean treaty. In particular, 62% of the population responded that ratification is urgent, confirming that the majority of the population deeply sympathizes with the need for ocean protection and supports the government’s ratification of the global ocean treaty.

The Global Ocean Treaty is an international agreement that can establish the legal basis for designating more than 30% of the high seas as a protected area by 2030. In order for the treaty to come into effect, it needs to be ratified by at least 60 countries. So far, only 6 countries have ratified it. Recently, the European Parliament passed the ratification and is awaiting ratification by each EU member state. The Korean government actively supported the agreement on the treaty last year and completed the signing, but has not yet participated in the ratification. Greenpeace is strongly urging the Korean government to demonstrate leadership and implementation in protecting the high seas through prompt ratification.

###

[Photo 1] Children who participated in the 'Collect Puzzles to Protect the Ocean' event held by international environmental group Greenpeace at Olympic Park in Seoul on June 1 are shouting for protection of the ocean in front of a giant puzzle they created themselves.


[Photo 2] Children participating in the project are attaching puzzle pieces they drew themselves on the theme of clean and healthy oceans to a puzzle board measuring 6m wide and 2.7m high.


[Photo 3] A child participating in the event is drawing a picture of a clean and healthy ocean on a puzzle piece.
