[상단제목 - heading]
Ocean
oceans

[문단 구성 - paragraph]
A healthy ocean
It is not only a habitat for over 700,000 species of life, but is also necessary for the maintenance of the Earth. The ocean, which provides food and jobs to billions of people, is crucial for the health and well-being of humanity.

[슬라이더 - slider / auto,indicator]
*indicator : 표시자.=표시에 목적을 둠 / pager : 페이지를 조작하다 = 조작에 목적을 둠.*

However, the ocean is currently facing greater danger than ever before due to plastic waste, destructive fishing, and rising sea surface temperatures. If we work together, we will be able to protect the ocean, countless marine creatures, and people.

[카테고리 목록 - list Category]
Greenpeace activities
Greenpeace calls for the designation of marine protected areas. We are working to protect the ocean by opposing destructive fishing and campaigning to prevent plastic pollution and the climate crisis.
[항목 - 1 = item]
Marine protection
Ocean
192 post updates
[항목 - 2]
Plastic Zero
Ocean
160 post updates
[항목 - 3]
Eradicate illegal fishing
Ocean
6 post updates


[서명 배너 - sign Banner]
Join the change now
Please protect the ocean with us now.
Sign Now

[연대별 업적 - history or about us]
[설명글 - 보강]
Greenpeace Marine Conservation History[타이틀]
The use of fossil fuels is accelerating climate change and ocean acidification, putting the oceans at risk. Destructive fishing is destroying marine habitats and putting millions of species at risk of extinction. Scientists say the extinction of marine life in the next century could be the worst extinction since the age of the dinosaurs. But we can stop this crisis. If we act together, we can save the sea and the living things that live in it from crisis and protect the green planet.

1970 ~ 1989
Opposition to whaling
In 1975, the first whale conservation activity began by blocking Russian whaling ships in rubber boats.

Seal protection
In 1978, the Rainbow Warrior headed to the Orkney Islands in Scotland to stop seal hunting.

Temporary ban on commercial whaling
In 1982, due to strong demands from citizens around the world, the International Whaling Commission declared a temporary ban on commercial whaling.

1990 ~ 2009
Antarctic World Park
As a result of a seven-year campaign, 39 countries signed the Antarctic Treaty and pledged to protect Antarctica from development.

whale sanctuary
In 1994, following Greenpeace's anti-whaling action, the International Whaling Commission decided to ban whaling in Antarctica.

Opposition to the import of nuclear waste
In 1999, I worked in cooperation with domestic environmental groups to prevent Taiwan's nuclear waste from being brought into North Korea.

2010 ~ 2019
October 22, 2012
Ocean
Citizens' Voices for the Protection of the Southern Ocean Delivered to the Korean Government Delegation

November 17, 2014
Ocean
Nice to meet you, kind tuna!

December 05, 2012
Ocean
Government Abandons Submission of Scientific Whaling Plan

August 8, 2015
Ocean
South Korea, a Deep-sea Fishing Powerhouse, Designated as an Illegal Fishing Nation and Its Escape Story

2020~
June 1, 2021
Ocean
Korean Government Declares Support for 30x30 Marine Protected Areas in International Seas!

December 07, 2023
Ocean
The reason I stood on the ocean for 300 hours opposing deep-sea mining

March 15, 2023
Ocean
UN Global Ocean Treaty, We Finally Did It!

[문단 배너 - 1 = paragraph Banner]
Destructive fishing is destroying the oceans, and countless marine creatures are on the brink of extinction. Scientists warn that the extinction of marine life in the next century could be the worst since the age of the dinosaurs. However, together, we can protect the blue oceans and precious lives.



[챌린지 목록 -  Challenge List / 참여방식 토글(toggle)]
Daily Challenge for the Earth

Ocean
Do not eat endangered seafood
1,904 people participating
Join in

Ocean
Do not eat fry (young fish) or fish roe.
1,166 people participating
Join in

Ocean
Cleaning up trash on the beach and sandy shore
1,143 people participating
Join in

Ocean
Use inorganic sunscreen that does not contain oxybenzone, octinoxate, etc., which kill coral reefs.
917 people participating
Join in

Ocean
Do not use facial cleansers or household products containing microplastics
1,688 people participating
Join in

[문단 배너 - 2]
There has never been a more important time to protect the ocean than now. Please join us right now.

[최신기사 목록 - Related News List]
Related News

Marine Press Release
[Statement] ISA Puts Brakes on Deep-Sea Mining… Adoption of Mining Regulations Fails
5 minutes March 23, 2026

Latest marine news
The Entry into Force of the Global Maritime Treaty 'BBNJ' and Street Artists
 January 20, 2026, 4 minutes
 
Marine Press Release
[Press Release] BBNJ Agreement Takes Effect; Mural Projects Unveiled Around the World… “A New Era of Pollution Protection”
5 minutes January 16, 2026