Report Ocean
 4 minutes March 13, 2024
Exploring the Galapagos, where mythical sea creatures live and breathe

Written by: Jeanette Meyer Greenpeace Global Oceans Digital Campaigner

[content1]
Greenpeace's ocean surveillance vessel, Arctic Sunrise, has set sail for the Galapagos Marine Protected Area, the first destination for its new expedition in 2024. It is living proof of the power of marine protected areas. 

The Galapagos is like a place from a fairy tale brought to life. It’s a paradise where ancient giant tortoises roam the ocean, and unique creatures like marine iguanas dive into the waves and scour the depths of the ocean for food. This birthplace of evolution is the first stop on Greenpeace’s new expedition.

[imgcaption]
Marine iguana on Isabela Island in the Galapagos.
Scientists from the Jokotoko Conservation Foundation, the Charles Darwin Foundation, the Galapagos Science Center, and Migramar (a network of scientists working to conserve migratory marine animals), as well as rangers from the Galapagos National Park, joined the expedition for scientific research. In addition, Alba Flores, star of one of Netflix’s most popular series, Money Heist, joined the Galapagos expedition to help spread awareness of the beauty of the Galapagos and the importance of ratifying the UN Convention on the Protection of the Oceans to a wider audience.

 
[content2]
Why did you go to Galapagos?

The Galapagos Marine Reserve is considered a model of marine conservation. In 1998, the Ecuadorian government  created a marine reserve covering approximately 133,000 km2 in the Galapagos. It is home to thousands of marine species, including giant whale sharks, rare green sea turtles, hammerhead sharks, and playful seals.

An overwhelming number of fish, including king angelfish, blue parrotfish, and pufferfish, swim around, coloring the seabed with a variety of colors. Our exploration team wants to capture all of this unforgettable, beautiful sight and share it with you.

[imgcaption]
A young egret forages for food in the Galapagos Sea.
However, even this beautiful Galapagos has its problems. An underwater superhighway that marine animals use to migrate far across the Galapagos. The area outside the marine reserve is not protected and is open to industrial fishing boats, threatening not only endangered species but also precious marine life. Indiscriminate fishing outside the reserve can also cause serious threats to the creatures living inside the reserve.

This area, located between the territorial waters of Ecuador, Colombia, Costa Rica and Panama, must be protected as soon as possible. These governments are taking concrete measures to protect their coastal waters and to prevent industrial fishing vessels from approaching the area. 

During this expedition to Galapagos, Greenpeace will work with scientists to create new protected areas in the region. The scientists will conduct research including testing eDNA (environmental DNA). Sound complicated? It’s not. Aquatic organisms release cells containing their genetic material. Collecting and analyzing this water will provide data needed to measure the biodiversity of a particular area. The eDNA data collected from inside and outside the protected areas will be a huge help in creating larger marine protected areas.

[imgcaption]
Paola Sangolchi, a scientist with the Jokotoko Conservation Foundation, collects eDNA samples in the open sea between the Galapagos and Ecuador.
 
[content3]
Now we can create more marine protected areas

Alba Flores, who is loved for her role as Nairobi in Netflix's hit series Money Heist, says more countries need to join in ratifying the ocean treaty sooner rather than later so that more high seas can be protected like the Galapagos.

“I experienced the powerful beauty of nature firsthand in the Galapagos. But I also learned that the high seas outside the marine protected areas are in danger. The signing of the UN Global Ocean Treaty was a historic moment filled with hope for the future. Before the treaty, it was impossible to protect these high seas, but now it is. This treaty gives governments a powerful opportunity to protect the Galapagos and the high seas. I would be happy if my participation in this expedition would encourage more people to care about ocean protection and urge governments to actively participate in ratification.”


Click to watch the video
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tfQaXtCZOQk?si=OSqsTRwcWUp_-hnC" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[imgcaption]
Spanish actress Alba Flores holds a banner reading 'Ratify the Maritime Treaty' near Santiago Island in the Galapagos Islands.
Last year, a landmark global ocean treaty was signed that will create new protected areas in the high seas. But before the protected areas can be expanded, the treaty must first become law. To protect 30% of the world’s oceans by 2030, more marine protected areas are needed.

The Galapagos, known as the “Evolution Exhibition Hall,” has played a key role in our understanding of nature. If more oceans were designated as protected areas and healthy ecosystems were restored, how much more could we learn and be inspired by? 

Sign up for marine protection (button)

[content4]
🐬 To expand marine protected areas, Greenpeace 🐳
Conducted an ocean briefing for governments around the world in 2005.
First to advocate 30X30, which aims to protect 30% of the world's oceans by 2030.
Published a report titled 'Roadmap to Achieving 30x30', which contains the impact of global ocean treaties on protecting the world's oceans.
Sign a global ocean treaty by 2023!

[content5]
Would you like to support this campaign?
Greenpeace is a global environmental organization that works to solve environmental problems without borders. In order to carry out powerful campaigns without being politically or financially constrained, we do not receive any government or corporate support, and are operated solely by individual supporters. Did you sympathize with the campaign you just read? Please support Greenpeace by supporting them so that they can successfully make changes. It is through the power of individual supporters like you that we can make positive changes for the planet!

Support Us(button)