Latest news plastics
 September 6, 2024
A courageous choice! The future of plastic, refill station, with Lee Min-woo and Solbi!
Written by: Greenpeace Seoul Office
Greenpeace held a special event on the 23rd for the art exhibition <Bbang: On and Off>. Let's take a look at the 'Courageous Refill Station' site, which was made even more special by the participation of famous entertainers and arttainers Lee Min-woo and Kwon Ji-an (Solbi), who participated as artists in this exhibition.

We Choose REUSE! A refill station with 'courage'
When you want to buy water or carbonated drinks at a mart or convenience store, you always have to buy a PET bottle. Is it really something that can't be changed? Greenpeace tried a special experience at this <Puck: On and Off> exhibition. A 'courageous' refill station where you can easily drink drinks using the provided reusable cups, whether you bring your own tumbler or not!


Greenpeace refill station installed at the exhibition
In particular, at this refill station, artist Lee Min-woo, who is exhibiting his work at the exhibition, personally handed out drinks to visitors, and Kwon Ji-an also shared the joy of refilling by experiencing it herself. 


Lee Min-woo handing out drinks in reusable cups to visitors

Kwon Ji-an (Solbi) holding a 'Plastic-Free Earth' message board
By actually using the refill station right before our eyes, everyone who participated could see how easy and necessary the reuse system is. After the event, there was zero waste from the refill station! Seeing zero plastic literally being realized right before our eyes, everyone who participated could personally feel why reuse is a necessary system for the earth.

Why Reuse Matters: The Limits of Recycling and the Need for Reuse
Plastic manufacturers and companies say that recycling is the solution. But is it really? Unfortunately, recycling is not as helpful as expected in solving the plastic pollution problem. It is widely known that the global recycling rate is only about 9%. Plastic waste that is not recycled does not decompose and pollutes the natural environment. In addition, plastic is a material that pollutes the earth from the production stage, such as fossil fuels, so plastic that is made to be discarded has a negative impact on the earth from the time it is made to the time it is discarded. 

That is why Greenpeace says that companies and governments need to work together to build a reuse and refill system that is easy and convenient for citizens at any time and that does not pollute the Earth. And regulations should actively reduce the production of disposable plastics. Reuse and refill do not have to be a cumbersome system. Many people who participated in the event left positive feedback, saying, “ I didn’t know refill stations could be this fun and useful,” and many others expressed satisfaction with the reuse system, saying  , “I felt that reuse is not difficult and is enjoyable.”



Lee Min-woo and Kwon Ji-an, who participated in the event, also emphasized that “now is the time for all of us to choose reuse over recycling,” and suggested that everyone participate so that the culture of reuse can take root in our daily lives. 



Reuse, a choice we all make together! It will be decided in Busan in November. 
There is hope for us. It is the International Plastics Convention, which will be held in Busan this November. Through this convention, Greenpeace is demanding that global plastic production be reduced by at least 75%. If this conference can produce an international commitment to reuse, it will be an opportunity for the world to work together to solve the problem of plastic pollution. 


Recycling bin for reusable cups
This 'courageous' refill station was a meaningful place where we could have a fun experience of the importance of 'reuse' and feel the message that small actions can come together to create big changes. We would like to thank Lee Min-woo, Solbi, and all the participants who made the event shine once again, and we ask for your interest and support for the change through a strong international plastic agreement this November! 🌏

Petition for an international plastics agreement