News Plastics 7 minutes May 28, 2019

mainSection
Shopping necessities that save the earth 'maybe no plastic'
Written by: Na-Hyun Kim, Digital Communication Manager, Greenpeace Seoul Office
Have you ever struggled with single-use plastics when shopping? Greenpeace's 'Plastic Free Map' helps plastic-free shopping.

article1
plastic returning to the table

Crabs trapped in discarded disposable plastic cups on the island of Verde in the PhilippinesA crab is trapped in an abandoned disposable plastic cup on the island of Verde in the Philippines.

Have you ever looked at single-use plastics when shopping? You may have been able to find plastic bags, inner plastics, and styrofoam without difficulty. Maybe it was given so naturally that he was writing it without knowing it.

Millions of tons of plastic waste enter the ocean every year. These plastics are broken down and combined with toxic substances that accumulate in the ocean. There are now at least 5 trillion pieces of plastic in the ocean, enough to circle the Earth more than 400 times. These plastic pieces are returning to our tables through sea salt, seafood and more.

In order to fundamentally solve the single-use plastic problem, we need to think about how to reduce consumption rather than how to dispose of waste. One way to go shopping is to take a shopping cart instead of a plastic bag and an airtight container instead of plastic and styrofoam.

article2
Can't we go shopping without plastic?

On March 23, Greenpeace's 'Good Store Expedition' is discussing the criteria for finding a store where you can shop without consuming single-use plastic in Seoul.<On March 23, Greenpeace's 'Good Store Expedition' is discussing the criteria for finding a store where you can shop without consuming single-use plastics in Seoul>

Join the plastic campaign(signPage)

In March last year, 32 citizens gathered with awareness of plastic problems and wanted to solve them. Named 'The Good Shop Expedition.' The Good Store Expedition divided Seoul into four zones, southeast, southwest, northeast, and northwest, and decided to find a store where you could shop without consuming single-use plastics. Before going out on the streets, we discussed the standards of a good shop.

“We thought the consumer’s position was important. The two most important questions to ask are whether you can buy as much as you want and then whether you can buy without using single-use plastics.” - Southeast Team

On March 23, Greenpeace's 'Good Store Expedition' is discussing the criteria for finding a store where you can shop without consuming single-use plastic in Seoul.<On March 23, Greenpeace's 'Good Store Expedition' is discussing the criteria for finding a store where you can shop without consuming single-use plastics in Seoul>

“We thought it would be a good idea to put these things on our checklist, such as how well the store’s single-use plastic packaging is, and how conscious the owners are about the single-use plastic problem.” - Southwest Team

At the end of the discussion, based on the condition of the groceries on display, we decided to find a place that offered a 'option' to buy more than half of them without plastic packaging. A good store is a place where anyone can practice zero plastic shopping if anyone brings alternative goods and containers.

article3
Searching for a good plastic-free store

On April 10th, Greenpeace's 'Good Store Expedition' is looking for a store in Seoul where you can shop without consuming single-use plastic.<On April 10th, Greenpeace's 'Good Store Expedition' is looking for a store in Seoul where you can shop without consuming single-use plastics>

Before going out on the street, I was asked, 'Is there really a store where you can shop without single-use plastics?' However, I was able to come across quite a few shops that actually guarantee consumers a choice.

“One fruit store didn’t have any plastic packaging. The grapes that were already packaged in small packages were peeled off and stacked on the other side. When I said that, there are independence activists who sacrificed their lives to protect the country, but they were arguing that it was such a big deal not to use single-use plastic.” - Jeonghwa Lee

On April 6th, Greenpeace's 'Good Store Expedition' is looking for a store where you can shop without consuming single-use plastics in Seoul.<On April 6th, Greenpeace's 'Good Store Expedition' is looking for a store in Seoul where you can shop without consuming single-use plastics>

“I went to a grain store and he told me a lot about the old days. They said that it was natural to sell without plastic packaging in the old days. They said that they put meat in wooden bowls, fish in newspapers, and cold noodles in plates and kettles. No need to use disposable plastic. You said that you feel like you can use it even when you don't need it." - Sir

As I walked around the neighborhood with a new perspective, there were many new stores that caught my eye. It is also hopeful that consumers and sellers share a desire to reduce single-use plastics.

article4
maybe no plastic

Greenpeace's 'Plastic-Free Map' is a map showing shops in Seoul where you can shop without consuming single-use plastics.  Introducing a place that offers citizens the option to purchase more than half of their groceries without plastic packaging if they bring a shopping cart and reusable container.<Greenpeace 'Plastic-Free Map' is a map showing shops in Seoul where you can shop without consuming single-use plastics. Introducing a place that offers citizens the option to purchase more than half of their groceries without plastic packaging if they bring a shopping cart and reusable container.>

Kakao Map View as a theme map(https://map.kakao.com/?target=other&folderid=939229)

The Good Store Expedition created a map that gathered good stores together based on the data collected over three weeks. The map was named 'Plastic-Free Map'. It contains the hope that more citizens can see this map and practice single-use plastic-free shopping.

“The store owners told me that government regulation is very important. They said that the government regulation of plastic bags in large marts also affected the market. People also said that it is no longer required, so there were people who said that it is important and necessary for the government to implement policies.” - Park Ji-hyun

"I think one of the reasons for the use of single-use plastics is the distribution structure. Just as citizens' perceptions have changed when the government has banned the use of single-use plastics in cafes, I thought it would be good to systematically revise the legislation for food." - Seo Woo-sung

Just like the many stores that the Good Shop expedition met, there are citizens around us who hope for a world without single-use plastics and make changes. Who should work for a little faster and bigger change?

*Check the detailed map and practice method for plastic-free maps.

northwest map.  This map includes Gangbuk-gu, Dobong-gu, Mapo-gu, Jongno-gu, Seodaemun-gu, Yongsan-gu, Eunpyeong-gu<Northwest Map. This map includes Gangbuk-gu, Dobong-gu, Mapo-gu, Jongno-gu, Seodaemun-gu, Yongsan-gu, and Eunpyeong-gu>

northeast map.  This map includes Gwangjin-gu, Nowon-gu, Dongdaemun-gu, Seongdong-gu, Seongbuk-gu, Jung-gu, Jungnang-gu<Map of the Northeast. This map includes Gwangjin-gu, Nowon-gu, Dongdaemun-gu, Seongdong-gu, Seongbuk-gu, Jung-gu, and Jungnang-gu>

southwest map.  This map includes Gangseo-gu, Guro-gu, Geumcheon-gu, Gwanak-gu, Dongjak-gu, Yangcheon-gu, Yeongdeungpo-gu<Southwest Map. This map includes Gangseo-gu, Guro-gu, Geumcheon-gu, Gwanak-gu, Dongjak-gu, Yangcheon-gu, and Yeongdeungpo-gu>

southeast map.  This map includes Gangnam-gu, Gangdong-gu, Seocho-gu, Songpa-gu<Southeast map. This map includes Gangnam-gu, Gangdong-gu, Seocho-gu and Songpa-gu>

practice<How to practice>

Before shopping
1. Organize your
shopping list 2. Bring alternative items and containers such as shopping carts and reusable containers

When
shopping 3. Buy products displayed in bulk rather than packaged products in small quantities
4. Buy groceries displayed without packaging
5. Bring fruits and vegetables in newspaper, cloth, or nets
6. Bring grains in glass bottles
7. Bring seafood and livestock products in airtight containers

After
shopping 8. If there is a good store that uses less single-use plastic, take a photo and share it on social media #Greenpeace #PlasticZero #Plastic free

*For disposable plastic-free cafes, please refer to the map of the Women's Environment Solidarity for Plastic-Free rooms everywhere .