News Plastics 5 minutes June 19, 2019

mainSection
Cho Myung-rae, Minister of Environment! Please make 'Plastic Zero Korea'
Written by: Leeseo Kim, Greenpeace Seoul Office Campaigner
Greenpeace gathers the voices of citizens who are concerned about the global environment and delivers them to policy makers. On June 14, 2019, the signatures of more than 100,000 citizens who participated in the Greenpeace Plastic Zero Campaign were delivered to the Environment Minister Cho Myung-rae.
Greenpeace campaigners delivered the signatures of 106,661 citizens who participated in the Greenpeace Plastic Zero Campaign to officials of the Ministry of Environment on June 14 at the meeting room of the Ministry of Environment in Seoul Square, Hangang-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul. 

<Greenpeace campaigners delivered the signatures of 106,661 citizens who participated in the Greenpeace Plastic Zero Campaign to officials of the Ministry of Environment at the meeting room of the Ministry of Environment in Seoul Square, Hangang-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul on June 14th.>

On June 14, 2019, Greenpeace, an international environmental organization, delivered a Greenpeace letter through officials of the Ministry of Environment, along with the signatures of 106,661 citizens urging the Minister of Environment Cho Myung-rae to regulate single-use plastics.

On the day of the event, not only Greenpeace campaigners but also two citizens who participated in the Zero Plastic Campaign attended. With Greenpeace <no plastic Maps> gimjongin who've participated in the "Greenpeace lit convenience store, and Mr. yijonghwa who participate in the activities of undertakings has been asked to prepare policies for the citizens at eye level to the Ministry of Environment.

In addition to the signature delivery, two citizens' representatives are delivering <Maybe No Plastic>, produced jointly by Greenpeace and citizens, to officials at the Ministry of Environment. 

<In addition to the signature delivery, two citizen representatives are delivering <Plastic-Free Map>, which Greenpeace and citizens jointly produced, to the officials of the Ministry of Environment.>

The owner of a fruit shop in Greenpeace's <Maybe No Plastic> said, "There's only one reason why we don't use plastic. There is no land to bury plastic in our country,” he said, refusing plastic packaging. Citing these words, Mr. Lee Jong-hwa said, “It is a natural trend to not use plastic. Kim Jong-in said, “The amount of disposable plastic waste thrown away once a week is too large.” He urged the Ministry of Environment to regulate single-use plastics and promote the need to reduce consumption more actively.

Greenpeace campaigners, along with two citizen representatives, delivered the signatures of more than 100,000 citizens and had a conversation with officials from the Ministry of Environment to solve the single-use plastic problem.

<Greenpeace campaigners delivered the signatures of more than 100,000 citizens together with two citizen representatives and had a conversation with officials from the Ministry of Environment to solve the single-use plastic problem.>

Hyung-geun Song, head of the Department of Natural Environment Policy, and Chae-eun Lee, head of the Resource Circulation Policy Department, participated in the signing ceremony and responded that they would listen to the two citizens and try to solve the plastic problem. Also, they showed a lot of interest in <Maybe No Plastic>, which Greenpeace and citizens created together, and were amazed at the solution to selling products without plastics created by citizens.

The world is moving towards zero plastic. As the leading ministry, the Ministry of Environment should take the lead in creating various solutions.

Ministry of Environment officials held a separate meeting with Greenpeace campaigners and promised to cooperate with civic groups while listening to Greenpeace's demands to 'regulate production and consumption of one-time use plastics by companies'. We look forward to seeing the Ministry of Environment take the lead in solving single-use plastics in the future! Greenpeace will continue its plastic campaign together with citizens.

sign(signPage)

Greenpeace delivered a letter to Environment Minister Cho Myung-rae, signed by 106,661 citizens, and urging businesses to regulate the use of single-use plastics through officials from the Ministry of Environment.

<Greenpeace delivered a letter to the Minister of Environment Cho Myung-rae, signed by 106,661 citizens, and urging companies to regulate the use of single-use plastics through officials from the Ministry of Environment.>

The following is the full text of the letter to Minister Cho Myung-rae of the Ministry of Environment. Let's wait for the Minister to respond to the citizens' demands for 'Plastic-Zero Korea'.


Dear Minister Cho Myung-rae of the Ministry of Environment,
Hello? This is Greenpeace, an international environmental organization. I am well aware that the Ministry of Environment is seeking various solutions to solve the problem of recurring plastic waste. However, I believe that a more active role of the Ministry of Environment is more important than ever in order to truly free people from the risk of plastic pollution returning to the table and to regain their right to live in a clean environment. For this reason, I would like to make a policy proposal to the Minister. Disposable plastics, along with the climate crisis, are causing an environmental catastrophe that threatens the global environment and the health of citizens. Greenpeace is conducting a global zero-plastic campaign, calling on global companies such as Coca-Cola and Nestlé to reduce the use of single-use plastics and urging governments to introduce policies to regulate plastic consumption. China has been refusing to import plastic waste since last year Meanwhile, Korea experienced the recycling plastic crisis on April 1 last year. In November of last year, the Philippine customs authorities discovered and disclosed plastic waste that Korea illegally exported to the Philippines, causing international disgrace. It was revealed that we were shifting the responsibility of disposing of plastic waste that we consumed and thrown away to other countries. A waste prevention plan was announced. However, Greenpeace could not hide its disappointment as the plan was only a short-sighted measure to dispose of waste by incineration. The policy to incinerate the generated waste is only a workaround. To reduce plastic waste, we must reduce the production and consumption of plastic itself. For example, Canada, which suffered a similar hardship, collected all waste and announced a plan to eliminate single-use plastics. The Ministry of Environment's Natural Environment Policy Office announced the '2019 detailed work plan' on February 12, and will create a road map to eliminate single-use items within the first half of this year. announced. This is a positive step in line with the global trend of plastics removal. However, it is still difficult to find a policy or action to regulate single-use plastic packaging, which is the key to solving the plastic problem. Single-use plastic packaging accounts for a third of plastic production and half of plastic waste. Consumer goods and retail companies are rampant with single-use plastic packaging and containers.
The European Union (EU), which had been exporting plastic waste to other countries like Korea, recognized the seriousness of the problem and agreed to a bill to comprehensively regulate the production and consumption of plastics, including single-use plastic products and packaging materials, and will be implemented across Europe from 2021. Strong production and consumption regulations will be enforced. The reality that countries around the world are enforcing policies to regulate plastic consumption is sending us a strong signal that the world is moving towards solving the plastic problem, an irresistible trend of 'consumption reduction and regulation'.

Korean citizens also want comprehensive plastic regulations. On April 1st, Greenpeace surveyed the public's awareness of the Greenpeace plastic problem. 90% of those surveyed said plastic pollution was serious. The vast majority of citizens are calling for stricter regulation of businesses that consume unlimited single-use plastic packaging.

A lifestyle that rejects the one-time use-and-throw culture and does not consume single-use plastics is becoming the New Normal. More and more people are living a plastic-free life. To date, more than 100,000 citizens have joined the Greenpeace Plastics campaign. The will of Koreans to solve the plastic problem is getting stronger.

Now, plastic measures that fit the public's consciousness must come out. Recycling measures cannot be the answer. Production and consumption itself must be reduced. To do that, we need to regulate single-use plastics. Producer responsibility should be strengthened to prevent consumer goods companies from using single-use plastics indiscriminately. The Ministry of Environment should develop a system to identify statistics related to plastic production and consumption, identify plastic usage, and prepare a comprehensive and effective reduction target and implementation roadmap accordingly. As the responsible ministry for environmental protection, we ask the Ministry of Environment to take an active and proactive role in resolving the plastic problem.

Join the Greenpeace Zero Plastic Campaign and deliver the voices of more than 100,000 citizens demanding the right not to use single-use plastics to Minister Cho Myung-rae of the Environment. Even if you are busy, I hope that Minister Cho Myung-rae will respond to these citizens' demands.

Greenpeace East Asia Seoul Office