Latest News Marine

 5 minutes October 27, 2014

Illegal fishing destroys the marine ecosystem and our future

Written by: Nahee Kim, Marine Campaigner, Greenpeace Seoul Office

content1
The oceans are becoming increasingly depleted and empty due to the indiscriminate illegal fishing currently taking place all over the world. Illegal fishing activities destroy fragile marine ecosystems, indiscriminately catch marine life, causing extinction, and destroying the balance of the ecosystem.
The ocean is not always healthy and fish are not always available in unlimited quantities.

content2
Will the ocean always be healthy and will there always be an unlimited supply of fish?

People have always thought that the ocean is always healthy, so we can catch fish indefinitely whenever we need them. However, this 'misunderstanding' has led to indiscriminate ocean pollution and the extinction of marine life such as whales. In order to prevent the ocean from becoming desolate, 'order' and 'regulation' that go beyond the scope of a single country are needed, and each coastal country has created laws with the minimum conditions for maintaining the ecosystem of the ocean and has preserved the ocean.

However, fishing activities that do not follow even the minimum regulations for supporting the marine ecosystem continue to occur. We call fishing activities that do not follow the rules “illegal fishing.” Illegal fishing is taking place in the form of catching more fish than the regulations and not reporting them properly, catching fish that should not be caught, or even fishing without a permit and forging documents.

The sea is increasingly being destroyed and emptied due to indiscriminate illegal fishing.

The oceans are becoming increasingly depleted and empty due to the indiscriminate illegal fishing currently taking place all over the world. Illegal fishing activities destroy fragile marine ecosystems, indiscriminately catch marine life, causing extinction, and destroying the balance of the ecosystem.

content3
The sea is becoming increasingly destroyed and empty due to illegal fishing.

Some statistics clearly show how serious the destruction of the marine ecosystem due to illegal fishing is. For example, it is known that the number of sharks killed by shark fin fishing is actually 3 to 4 times more than the number officially reported. What about salmon? It is estimated that 60 to 90% of the illegally caught Russian salmon is caught. It is said that the illegally caught Chilean tuna is 5 to 10 times more than the legally caught and reported amount. The illegal catch of skipjack tuna, and the endangered bigeye tuna and yellowfin tuna amounts to approximately 500 million dollars (over 500 billion won) per year.

As the marine ecosystem is destroyed and fish and marine life suffer, the productivity of the oceans is also gradually decreasing. If this situation continues, the seafood that we used to easily eat as a side dish may soon become as valuable as gold. You may think that illegal fishing does not affect our meals right away, but the impact it will have in the near future is clear.

Illegal fishing also has dire negative impacts on poor countries.

content4
It makes poor countries poorer and also violates the human rights of sailors.

Illegal fishing also has a terrible negative impact on poor countries. The waters where illegal fishing takes place are often adjacent to poor countries such as Liberia, Somalia, and Sierra Leone in Africa. When fish are caught indiscriminately in the waters of poor countries, the fishermen of that country end up catching fewer fish. The damage to the local economy is enormous because the marine resources that local fishermen can catch are plundered. The economic loss caused by illegal fishing worldwide is said to exceed 10 trillion won, so you can imagine how big it is.

Human rights issues for seafarers working in the ocean industry are also a major example of illegal fishing activities. Seafarers who have to live on board ships in the vast ocean for months may experience violence, beatings, racial discrimination, and wage exploitation.

content5
Join Greenpeace to stop illegal fishing, which is also a problem in Korea!

Do you understand the negative impact of illegal fishing? However, what is surprising is that our country, Korea, known as a great power in the ocean, is being branded as an illegal fishing country. Korea was designated as an illegal fishing country by the United States in January of last year, and as a potential illegal fishing country by the European Union in November due to illegal fishing by several ocean fishing companies.

The most certain way to regulate illegal fishing is through 'law'. The 'Distant Ocean Industry Development Act' currently used as a standard for deep-sea fishing is very insufficient to monitor and supervise illegal fishing. Greenpeace has announced a 'Reform Plan for Distant Ocean Fisheries Policy' so that the government can more definitely manage/supervise and regulate illegal fishing in the deep-sea industry, and is continuing to communicate with the government.

Also, to change this reality, Greenpeace is currently recruiting 'citizen police' who will raise their voices to eradicate illegal fishing. If you would like to join the activities to make Korea shake off the stigma of being an illegal fishing country and create proper policies to monitor and control companies that commit illegal fishing, please join now! [Join the citizen police]