[상단제목]
Latest News Marine
 5 minutes March 14, 2025
Four reasons why Greenpeace opposes the East Sea deep-sea drilling project

[작성자 부분]
Written by: Greenpeace Seoul Office

[문단 - 배경강조]
The gas drilling project in the East Sea is a dangerous gamble that will put our country’s future at stake. Greenpeace is therefore launching a petition demanding the immediate halt to the East Sea deep-sea drilling project.

[문단 - 1]
The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy (MOTIE) has already announced that the 'Blue Whale' project, one of the East Sea deep-sea gas development projects, is not economically feasible. However, the government and the Korea National Oil Corporation have defined it as 'one of the processes' rather than 'failure' and announced that they will push ahead with attracting overseas investment. They plan to continue follow-up drilling in six promising structures in the East Sea, including squid, pollack, and goby sharks.

[순차목록]
1. Massive investment without economic feasibility, waste of national tax money - 이미지01

[문단 - 2]
In February 2025, the first drilling results for the blue whale were announced. At the time, a senior official from the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy officially admitted that "no significant economic feasibility was found." He apologized, explaining that the announcement at the time had been influenced by many unexpected political factors.

[문단 - 3]
The amount invested in this first exploration to see the possibility was a whopping 120 billion won. The success rate of gas field exploration drilling is 20%, so it is expected that 500 billion won of taxpayers’ money will be invested if it is conducted five times. In addition, deep-sea gas field development is a project with great uncertainty and frequent budget overruns, so there is a great concern that more taxpayers’ money will be wasted.

[문단 - 4]
In addition, Korea’s demand for natural gas is already decreasing. The 11th Basic Electricity Plan also plans to reduce the proportion of LNG power generation in the long term. Given the government’s carbon neutrality goal, newly developed natural gas is likely to be used for only 10 to 15 years.

[문단 - 5]
In other words, investing a huge budget in uneconomical gas drilling is an irrational choice.


2. Decisions that go against the climate crisis era - 이미지02

[문단 - 6]
The East Sea deep-sea drilling project is a project that runs counter to the climate crisis response. The Korean government has declared that it will achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, but this project directly conflicts with that goal.

[문단 - 7]
According to Plan 1.5, a climate and environmental group, if the estimated fossil fuel reserves in the East Sea revealed by the government are calculated based on the emission factors of the entire oil and gas cycle from the International Energy Agency (IEA), this project is expected to emit a total of 4.7775 billion tons of greenhouse gases.

[문단 - 8]
In 2022, Korea's annual greenhouse gas emissions will be approximately 650 million tons. In other words, it is equivalent to pouring out the greenhouse gases that Korea has emitted for over 7 years in one project. Due to excessive greenhouse gas emissions, the average global temperature increase in 2024 exceeded 1.5°C, which is considered the Maginot Line for humanity, for the first time. As a result, unpredictable climate disasters are occurring all over the world. If the East Sea deep-sea drilling project is added to this, it will not only fail to respond to the climate crisis, but will also cause an even more serious climate disaster.

3. The transition to renewable energy is a red light- 이미지03

[문단 - 9]
To combat the climate crisis, we need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by switching to renewable energy. However, this gas exploration project is investing in fossil fuel businesses that emit greenhouse gases, the main culprits that heat up the planet.

[문단 - 10]
While the government invests in deep-sea gas drilling, investments in renewable energy transition and low-carbon industries may be delayed and relegated to the back burner. This will ultimately extend the life of the fossil fuel industry and further slow down Korea’s transition to renewable energy.

[문단 - 11]
What is needed now is not the development of new fossil fuels, but demand management through rapid expansion of renewable energy and improved energy efficiency.

4. Greed that extends to the deep-sea ecosystem- 이미지04

[문단 - 12]
Drilling for deep-sea gas requires the insertion of massive heavy equipment into the ocean floor. This process risks destroying deep-sea ecosystems that have never been touched by humans. If you think that deep-sea drilling is simply a matter of drilling a hole, you are mistaken. Modern oil and gas development uses toxic chemicals that can contaminate large areas of the ocean. Heavy metal waste discharges, which are common in deep-sea gas development in many parts of the world, are having extreme environmental consequences.

[문단 - 13]
The East Sea is home to endangered whale species. Minke whales, right whales, and sperm whales use sound to communicate and find food. However, the loud noise from drilling equipment can confuse their sense of direction and, in severe cases, can cause them to wash ashore and die.

[문단 - 14]
The drilling project started under the name of 'Blue Whale'. Ironically, however, this project is threatening the lives of marine life, including whales.


[부제목]
Please stop further deep sea drilling projects.- 이미지05

[문단 - 15]
The East Sea gas drilling project is a risky choice that sacrifices the future in pursuit of uncertain profits. The responsibility for this will be borne by young children who have just entered elementary school or children who have just been born when they grow up.

[문단 - 16]
2025, now is the time to focus on expanding renewable energy and improving energy efficiency. It is time to break away from fossil fuels, which have proven to be unsustainable.

[문단 - 17]
Greenpeace calls on the government to immediately halt further deep-sea drilling projects in the East Sea. Greenpeace calls for expanded marine and biodiversity protection areas, increased investment in renewable energy, and a transition to sustainable energy.

[문단 - 18]
The government can stop gambling on the future now. Citizens, please join us in petitioning to stop the East Sea deep-sea drilling project for our sustainable lives and planet.

Petition to stop deep sea drilling in the East Sea
(https://cloud.greensk.greenpeace.org/petition-ce-deepwaterdrilling/?_gl=1*1bne5t4*_gcl_au*MTY1ODc3MDE5OC4xNzQxODM2ODQ3*_ga*MjEyNzM1NTkzMC4xNzQxODM2ODQ5*_ga_ER11V300K1*MTc0MjI2NDAwNy4yLjEuMTc0MjI2OTg0OS42MC4wLjA.&_ga=2.211624529.532772601.1742179498-2127355930.1741836849)