Interested campaign registration
eradication of illegal fishing
Ocean
start date
January 2013
area of ​​interest
0
100%

content1
Campaign Objectives
In 2013, the government requested revision of the Distant Sea Fisheries Development Act to eradicate illegal fishing in South Korea, which was designated as an illegal fishing country and a potential illegal fishing country by the United States and the European Union, respectively.

content2
Did you know?
South Korea, a global ocean power, was designated as an illegal fishing country and potential illegal fishing country in 2013, facing international embarrassment and the risk of enormous economic loss.

content3
Problem
In 2013, the United States and the European Union designated Korea as an “illegal fishing country” and a “potential illegal fishing country,” respectively. This is because Korean deep-sea fishing vessels continued to engage in illegal fishing, while the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries protected the industry, covered up the incidents, and consistently responded passively.

Being designated as an illegal fishing country would not only result in international embarrassment, but would also result in enormous economic losses due to strong sanctions from the United States and the European Union.

In addition, illegal fishing by deep-sea fishing vessels threatens the marine ecosystem, robs coastal countries of their marine resources, and is not unrelated to human rights violations of seafarers.

content4
Research and Investigation
Greenpeace published a report on illegal fishing in Korea in April 2013, revealing that more than 10 domestic companies engaged in more than 30 illegal fishing practices. In addition, we researched the relevant laws and policies and issued a proposal so that Korea can revise the 'Wonyang Industrial Development Act' to a level that is in line with international law.

Completed in April 2013
Publication of 'Report on the Status of Illegal, Unregulated, and Untapped Fishing in Korean Ocean Fisheries' to expose illegal fishing by domestic companies

Completed in June 2014
Publication of 'Reform Plan for Ocean Fisheries Policy' containing loopholes in current laws and suggestions for additional legislation

Completed in November 2014
Greenpeace publishes 'Greenpeace Proposal for the Amendment to the Ocean Industry Development Act' that reviews the revised bill pending in the National Assembly

content5
Campaign activities
Greenpeace actively informed the media and the public of Korea’s designation as an illegal fishing country and potential illegal fishing country, and urged the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries to revise the Distant Ocean Fisheries Development Act and strictly manage and supervise the distant ocean industry. In addition, we delivered a message to companies that engaged in illegal fishing to eradicate illegal fishing.

Completed in April 2013
Greenpeace report exposes the Korean government's cover-up of the designation of Korea as an illegal fishing country in 2013

Completed in June 2014
Lobbying the National Assembly and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries to revise the Korean Ocean Fisheries Development Act and closely reviewing the Korean Ocean Fisheries Act to propose a direction for revision

Completed in August 2014
We are conducting an online campaign with ‘Greenpeace Citizen Police’ to encourage citizens’ interest and participation in the illegal fishing problem in Korea.

Completed in November 2014
Re-examine the amendment to the Ocean Industry Development Act that was pending in the National Assembly, point out legal loopholes, and suggest supplementary measures

Completed in November 2014
Direct action was taken to deliver the message “Stop illegal fishing!” to the Inseong 3, which entered the country after illegal fishing, and tie up the propeller.

Completed in February 2015
Withdrawal of designation of Korea as illegal fishing country

slider - Carousel
Daily Challenge for the Earth

Marine
Avoid eating endangered seafood
1603 people participating
Join us

Marine
Do not eat fry (young fish) or fish eggs.
964 people participating
Join us

Marine
Cleaning up trash on the beach and sandy shore
966 people participating
Join us

Marine
Use inorganic sunscreens that do not contain oxybenzone, octinoxate, etc., which kill coral reefs.
772 people participating
Join us

Marine
Avoid using cleansers or household products that contain microplastics.
1472 people participating
Join us


slider2 - Carousel
Latest illegal fishing eradication activities

Latest Marine News
 Reading time 9 minutes August 8, 2015
The designation of the Republic of Korea as an illegal fishing country and the escape story

Latest Marine News
 Reading Time 5 minutes October 27, 2014
Illegal fishing destroys the marine ecosystem and our future

Latest Marine News
 Reading Time 3 mins January 05, 2016
Is tuna the only thing in a can of tuna?