News Plastics
 3 minutes June 08, 2020

mainSection

Lotte Mart declares plastic reduction for the first time in Asia's large mart!
Written by: Leeseo Kim, Greenpeace Seoul Office Campaigner

In response to Greenpeace's demand, Lotte Mart announced that it would reduce the use of single-use plastics by 50% by 2025. Let's look back at the campaign process that Greenpeace and citizens worked together to make this announcement along with the contents of the Lotte Mart declaration.

A zero-waste shop located in Zurich, Switzerland that reduces the use of single-use plastics.

article1
Korea's first large supermarket in Asia to declare a reduction in plastic use has arrived!
Lotte Mart informed Greenpeace on June 8, 2020 that it would reduce the use of single-use plastics by 50% by 2025.

Lotte Mart announced that it plans to establish eco-friendly packaging guidelines for its own brand (PB) products to sequentially reduce single-use plastics such as vinyl and plastic, and to implement various efforts and ideas to achieve zero plastic bags in stores. This reduction declaration was announced as part of Lotte Group's “2020 Resource Virtuous Cycle Project”.

This declaration by Lotte Mart is the first in Asia to set and publicize a plastic reduction target at a large mart. Greenpeace has been campaigning for several years in the US, UK, Hong Kong and Taiwan to demand that hypermarkets reduce unnecessary plastic packaging. In response to Greenpeace's request, in 2018, British hypermarket Sainsbury announced that it would "reduce the use of single-use plastic packaging by 50% by 2025" , and in 2019, the US Giant Eagle also said, " We will eliminate all single-use plastics by 2025." announced. Now, the declaration of plastic reduction in 2020 came from Lotte Mart in Korea.


Lotte Mart, which received the lowest 'F' score among the five marts in Greenpeace's 'Report on the status of plastic distribution in large supermarkets in Korea' © shutterstock
Lotte Mart received the lowest score among the five marts surveyed in the 'Report on the Distribution of Plastics in Large Marts in Korea' published by Greenpeace last March . ▲In-store activities to reduce single-use plastic ▲ Reduction efforts through collaboration with PB products and partners ▲Inducing consumer participation and internal reduction efforts, etc. It was a disappointing result that Lotte Mart, Korea's representative hypermarket along with E-Mart and Homeplus, received the lowest score.


On April 16, 2020, Greenpeace activists are demanding that Lotte Mart install a 5-meter high cart in front of the Songdo branch of Lotte Mart and disclose its target to reduce single-use plastic use at Lotte Mart.
In April, Greenpeace pulled an extra-large cart over 5 meters high and headed to Lotte Mart. It was a demonstration demanding that the use of single-use plastic packaging materials and reduction targets be disclosed and the plastic problem be solved. As Lotte Mart is expanding its market to Southeast Asian countries, including Vietnam and Indonesia, it is more important to take a corporate responsibility and face the plastic problem.

Since then, Greenpeace has held continuous meetings with Lotte Mart, constantly demanding that the company identify the amount of plastic used and set effective reduction targets. Hypermarkets are a link between consumers and products. If hypermarkets show a willingness to solve the plastic problem, many products can be changed and consumers can lead a plastic-free life.

Greenpeace welcomes Lotte Mart's declaration and expects it to lead the declaration of other large marts as it is the first case in Korea that set a goal to reduce single-use plastics. This declaration of Lotte Mart is just the beginning. In this announcement, a concrete action plan is still insufficient. Greenpeace urges Lotte Mart to come up with a specific system to systematically reduce plastic usage and will continue to monitor it.

 

Ask E-Mart and Homeplus to declare a reduction in single-use plastic usage just like Lotte Mart.

Learn more(signPage)