[상단제목]
Latest News Marine
 5 minutes October 27, 2014
Illegal fishing destroying marine ecosystems and our future
[작성자부분]
Text by: Kim Na-hee, Marine Campaigner at Greenpeace Seoul Office

[문단 - 배경강조]
The oceans are becoming increasingly destroyed and depleted due to indiscriminate illegal fishing currently taking place worldwide. This is because illegal fishing activities destroy fragile marine ecosystems, catch marine life indiscriminately leading to extinction, and disrupt the balance of the ecosystem.

[이미지 - 01]

[부제 - 01]
Is the ocean always healthy, and can we always catch an unlimited number of fish?

    [문단 - 01]
    People have long believed that because the ocean is always healthy, we can catch an unlimited amount of fish whenever needed. However, this 'misconception' has led to indiscriminate ocean pollution and the endangerment of marine life such as whales. To prevent the ocean from becoming devastated, 'order' and 'regulations' extending beyond the boundaries of a single nation became necessary, and coastal nations have preserved the ocean by enacting laws that establish the minimum conditions necessary to maintain the marine ecosystem.

    [문단 - 02]
    However, fishing activities that fail to observe even the minimum regulations necessary to sustain the marine ecosystem continue unabated. We refer to fishing activities that violate the rules as "illegal fishing." This illegal fishing takes the form of catching more fish than permitted without proper notification, catching prohibited fish, or even fishing without a permit and forging documents.

[부제 - 02]
The sea is gradually being destroyed and emptied by indiscriminate illegal fishing,

    [문단 - 01]
    The oceans are becoming increasingly destroyed and depleted due to indiscriminate illegal fishing currently taking place worldwide. This is because illegal fishing activities destroy fragile marine ecosystems, catch marine life indiscriminately leading to extinction, and disrupt the balance of the ecosystem.

    [이미지 - 02]

    [문단 - 02]
    Several statistics clearly demonstrate the severity of the destruction of marine ecosystems caused by illegal fishing. For instance, it is known that the actual number of sharks caught for shark fin soup is approximately three to four times higher than the officially reported figures. What about salmon? It is estimated that illegally caught Russian salmon amounts to 60 to 90 percent of the legally reported catch. It is reported that the illegal catch of Chilean trout exceeds the legally reported amount by about five to ten times. The illegal catch of skipjack tuna, as well as the endangered bigeye and yellowfin tuna, amounts to approximately $500 million (over 500 billion Korean won) annually.

    [문단 - 03]
    As marine ecosystems are destroyed and fish and marine life suffer, the productivity of the ocean gradually declines. If this trend continues, the seafood we easily enjoyed as a side dish may soon become as precious as gold. While it may seem that illegal fishing does not immediately affect our dinner tables, its impact in the near future is undeniable.

    [이미지 - 03]

[부제 - 03]
It makes poor countries poorer, and also violates the human rights of sailors

    [문단 - 01]
    Illegal fishing has a devastating impact on poor countries as well. The waters where illegal fishing takes place are often adjacent to impoverished nations in Africa, such as Liberia, Somalia, and Sierra Leone. When fish are caught indiscriminately in the waters of poor nations, the fish available for local fishermen to catch ultimately decreases. The damage to the local economy caused by the plundering of marine resources available to local fishermen is enormous. Considering that the global economic losses caused by illegal fishing exceed 10 trillion won, you can get an idea of ​​the scale of the problem.

    [문단 - 02]
    Human rights issues involving seafarers in the deep-sea fishing industry are also a major example of illegal fishing practices. Seafarers, who must live on board ships for months at a time in the vast ocean, often experience violence, beatings, racial discrimination, and wage exploitation.

[부제 - 04]
Join Greenpeace to stop illegal fishing, a problem in Korea as well!
    [문단 - 01]
    Do you understand a little bit about the negative impact of illegal fishing? However, what is surprising is the fact that Korea, known as a major deep-sea fishing power, is bearing the stigma of being an illegal fishing nation. Due to illegal fishing carried out by a few deep-sea fishing companies, Korea was designated as an illegal fishing nation by the United States in January of last year and as a preliminary illegal fishing nation by the European Union in November.
    [문단 - 02]
    The most effective means of regulating illegal fishing is the 'law.' The 'Deep-Sea Fisheries Development Act,' currently used as the standard for deep-sea fishing, is woefully inadequate for monitoring and supervising illegal fishing. Greenpeace has announced a 'Deep-Sea Fisheries Policy Reform Plan' to enable the government to more effectively manage, supervise, and regulate illegal fishing within the deep-sea fishing industry, and continues to communicate with the government.
    [문단 - 03]
    Furthermore, to change this reality, Greenpeace is currently recruiting 'Citizen Police' to raise their voices against illegal fishing. If you would like to join our efforts to help Korea shed its stigma as an illegal fishing nation and create proper policies to monitor and hold corporations accountable for illegal activities, please sign up right now!
    <a href="http://act.gp/1rtTjjD">[Join Citizen Police]</a>