[상단 제목]
Zero plastic
Marine
Start date
November 2018
Area of ​​interest
Global
80%
 

[문단배너 - 01]
Campaign Goals
Plastic pollution is a looming crisis. We must eradicate plastic pollution by concluding a legally binding international agreement on plastics, reducing plastic production, and transitioning to a system based on reuse and refilling.

[문단 사진 구성]
Did you know?
Microplastics are found everywhere: in Antarctic snow, in wild animal feces, and even in our blood and breast milk. Plastics are overwhelming our lives. Yet, the global recycling rate remains at a mere 9%. Plastics, more than 99% made from fossil fuels, emit greenhouse gases even after they are produced and discarded, contributing to the climate crisis.

[문단배너 - 02]
Problem
Single-use plastics, which account for 40% of total plastic production, are largely replaceable and unnecessary. The disposable culture of single-use and single-throw products leads us to produce, consume, and discard a significant amount of plastic due to its convenience.

[주제 목록 구성 - 01]
Research and investigation
Through various research studies, we are calling for change from businesses and governments by pointing out the limitations of single-use plastic consumption and recycling based on objective information.

November 2021
Publication of the "2021 Plastic Stay-at-Home Survey: The Bare Face of Disposables," a citizen-participatory plastic waste survey report.

December 2022
The third annual citizen-participatory plastic waste survey, the PLCOK Survey Report, "My Plastic Tracker in 2022," has been published.

March 2023
The report, "Plastic Korea 2.0 - Falling into the Plastic Consumption Swamp in the COVID-19 Era," analyzes domestic plastic waste generation trends and the footprint of single-use plastic consumption.

January 2024
The 2023 Plastic Emissions Corporate Survey Report - We Drink Disposables has been published.

September 2024
"TV Can Be Courageous - AI-Based Analysis of the Reality of Disposable Plastics in Entertainment Programs" Report Released

June 2025
Results of a microplastic survey conducted on Jeju's Gimnyeong Beach have been released.

[주제 목록 구성 - 02]
Campaign activities
To address the global plastic waste problem, governments and businesses must change. International regulations are also necessary. Since 2019, Greenpeace Seoul has been calling on the Ministry of Environment to find solutions to reduce the use of single-use plastics.

2020~
Plastic Emissions Survey with Citizens (Plukok Survey)

February 2021
Actors Ryu Seung-ryong and Park Jin-hee and the Courage Campaign

November 2024
#WeAreWatching giant flag performance calling for a strong international plastics agreement

[서명 목록 - 캠페인]
Daily Challenge for the Earth

plastic
Use a tumbler or mug
3884 people participating
Join us

plastic
Don't buy individually packaged vegetables or fruits
1759 people participating
Join us

plastic
Bring a reusable water bottle with you when you exercise
2266 people participating
Join us

plastic
Use reusable straws
1860 people participating
Join us

plastic
Ask for disposable cutlery when ordering delivery food
2731 people participating
Join us

[최신 기사 목록 - 플라스틱제로]
Latest plastic-free conservation activities

General Latest News
Plc Survey 2025: Classrooms Swallowed by Plastic
September 30, 2025

Latest Plastic News
Another unfinished international plastics agreement: What happened in Geneva?
September 11, 2025

Plastics Press Release
[Report] Jeju Island residents, including female divers and fishermen, say, "Jeju's ocean has become a giant garbage dump."
June 12, 2025

Plastics Press Release
[Report] How Much Microplastic Is Contained at Jeju's Gimnyeong Beach?
June 12, 2025