[상단제목]
Plastic Zero

[진행상황 - progress]
Marine
Start date
November 2018
Area of ​​Interest
Global
80%
 

[문단배너 - 01]
Campaign Objectives
Plastic pollution is a growing crisis. We need to get rid of plastic pollution by reducing plastic production and transitioning to a system based on reuse and refilling, through a strong, legally binding international plastics agreement.

[문단사진구성]
Did you know?
Microplastics are found everywhere. In Antarctic snow, in wild animal feces, and even in our blood and breast milk. Plastics are overwhelming our lives. Yet the global recycling rate is still only 9%. Plastics, which are made from over 99% fossil fuels, emit greenhouse gases and contribute to the climate crisis even after they are made and discarded.

[문단배너 - 02]
Problem
Disposable plastics, which account for 40% of total plastic production, are mostly replaceable and unnecessary. The 'disposable' culture of using once and throwing it away. Because of its convenience, we are producing, consuming, and discarding a lot of plastics.

[주제목록구성 - 01]
Research and Investigation
Through various research surveys, we point out the limitations of disposable plastic consumption and recycling based on objective information and call for changes in companies and governments.

November 2021 (Completed)
Citizen Participation Plastic Emission Survey Report '2021 Plastic Stay-at-Home Survey: The Real Face of Disposables' Published

December 2022 (Completed)
Publication of the 3rd Annual Citizen Participation Plastic Emission Survey Report, '2022 Plastic Tracker I Wrote'

March 2023 (Completed)
Published a report titled 'Plastic Korea 2.0 - Falling into the swamp of plastic consumption in the COVID-19 era' that analyzed the trend of domestic plastic waste generation and the footprint of disposable plastic consumption

January 2024 (Completed)
'2023 Plastic Emissions Company Survey Report - We Drink Disposables' Report Published

September 2024 (Completed)
'TV also has courage - AI examines the reality of disposable plastics in entertainment programs' report published

[주제목록구성 - 02]
Campaign activities
To solve the global plastic problem, governments and companies must change. International regulations are also necessary. Since 2019, Greenpeace Seoul has been asking the Ministry of Environment for solutions to reduce the use of single-use plastics.

February 2021 (Completed)
Actors Ryu Seung-ryong and Park Jin-hee conduct 'Courage Campaign'

June 2022 (Completed)
'Test of Courage' Campaign with K-POP Stars

December 2024(Completed)
Campaigning for a strong global plastics agreement

[서명목록]
Daily Challenge for the Earth

plastic
Use a tumbler or mug
3837 people participating 
Join us

plastic
Don't buy individually packaged vegetables or fruits.
1735 people participating
Join us

plastic
Bring a reusable water bottle with you when you exercise
2236 people participating
Join us

plastic
Use reusable straws
1838 people participating
Join us

plastic
When ordering delivery food, ask for disposable cutlery to be omitted
2703 people participating
Join us

[최신 플라스틱제로 기사 목록]
Latest plastic zero activities

Plastics Press Release
[Report] Jeju Island residents including female divers and fishermen: "Jeju sea has become a giant garbage dump"
June 12, 2025

Plastics Press Release
[Report] How much microplastic is there in Jeju Gimnyeong Beach?
June 12, 2025

Plastics Press Release
[Report] Giant 'snow' appears in Jeju on World Environment Day 
June 10, 2025

Latest Plastic News
Warning from Jeju: The golden time to solve the plastic problem is now
June 4, 2025