Latest news plastics
 3 minutes April 16, 2024

Why Strong Production Cuts Must Be Included in Global Plastics Agreement

Written by: Angelica Fargo - Greenpeace USA Global Plastics Communications/Media Director

content1
If 8 out of 10 people have a wish, what does this mean? If we have this much support on a particular issue, can we say, “Most people are in favor”?
2024 is a great year to tackle plastic pollution, as countries are negotiating a legally binding global plastics agreement until the end of the year. The final round of talks will take place in Ottawa, Canada, in April, and in Busan, South Korea, in November. Ahead of the April negotiations, Greenpeace conducted a global survey to gauge global awareness of the global plastics agreement.

More than 80% of the world's citizens want to reduce plastic production
It has been confirmed that the world's citizens want to reduce plastic production. According to the 'Global Citizens' Awareness Survey on the Global Plastics Agreement' conducted by Greenpeace, citizens' awareness and concern about plastic pollution is still high. According to Greenpeace's survey, 75% of respondents in 19 countries around the world are in favor of banning the use of single-use plastics.

Greenpeace also wanted to know what citizens thought about reducing production as a prerequisite for solving the plastic pollution crisis. The results were surprising: many citizens have already shown their willingness to agree and support reducing production.

The results of Greenpeace’s recent ‘ Global Citizens’ Awareness Survey on the Global Plastics Agreement ’ show that an overwhelming 82% of global citizens support reducing plastic production. This is very encouraging and is expected to be a great help to Greenpeace’s efforts to solve the plastic pollution problem.

So why do people support reducing production? It is easy to understand why just by looking around us. If we look around us, we see excessive use of plastic, blocking rivers and polluting beaches. This accumulated plastic does not disappear for decades or centuries, but breaks down into small pieces and infiltrates our lives. No one wants these small pieces of plastic mixed in the food we eat or the air we breathe.

However, the fossil fuel industry seems to want a world covered in plastic. They want to make more profit from plastic. Companies and organizations connected to the fossil fuel industry have a lot of influence in the process of agreements to solve the plastic crisis, and they are trying to lead in the opposite direction of the ideas of many people who want to solve the plastic problem.

content2
[imgCaption]
Children look at a river covered in plastic waste in Accra, Ghana

2024: A golden opportunity to solve the plastic pollution problem 
2024 is a crucial year that could put an end to the long-standing problem of plastic pollution. That is because the negotiations of countries for a legally binding international plastics agreement will be held until the end of the year. The fourth negotiation meeting will be held in Ottawa, Canada, at the end of April. This meeting will be a place where representatives from 173 countries will gather to decide the contents of the agreement. And the final destination for this agreement negotiation will be Busan, South Korea. The decisions made in Ottawa, Canada in April will serve as the basis for the final agreement at the fifth international plastics agreement negotiation meeting to be held in Busan in November this year. 

This international agreement conference is expected to be attended   by representatives from various countries, civil society organizations such as Greenpeace and Break Free from Plastic, as well as those from the plastics, fossil fuel and petrochemical industries .

When the global plastics agreement was first launched in 2022, it was clear that solving the plastics crisis would require curbing plastic pollution from the moment it is produced to the moment it is disposed of. This would require an agreement to limit plastic production and, more broadly, to end the plastic era. Greenpeace is calling on the global plastics agreement to reduce global plastic production by at least 75% by 2040, a critical target to protect biodiversity and keep global warming below 1.5°C.  

Unfortunately, the fossil fuel industry does not care about environmental issues. What matters most to them is profit. And the profits they pursue are only those that come at the expense of people and the planet.

content3
[imgCaption]
Greenpeace activists protest near ENI's Versalis petrochemical plant near Brindisi, Italy, to highlight that plastic pollution starts at production
Fossil fuel industry: A roadblock to tackling plastic pollution
The previous round of negotiations for the agreement were attended by lobbyists from the fossil fuel and petrochemical industries, who outnumbered the delegations from the 70 poorest countries combined . As negotiations heat up, more lobbyists will show up. Fortunately, many global citizens recognize that industry lobbying is hindering positive progress on tackling plastic pollution. According to this global citizenship survey, 60% of global citizens support keeping fossil fuel and petrochemical industry lobbyists out of the agreement negotiations.

The fossil fuel industry is very active in lobbying the delegations of countries during the negotiation process for the agreement, which leads countries to agree with the industry’s position even against the wishes of their citizens.

For example, the Chinese and Indian governments oppose reducing plastic production, even though 92% and 86% of the population, respectively, support reducing plastic production. In Brazil, 89% of the population agrees that plastic should be reduced, but the government has not taken a position on gradually reducing plastic production.

content4
[imgCaption]
A Greenpeace activist holds a banner reading "Fix plastic pollution now" at the giant plastic landfill in Aranyaprathet Sakaeo, Thailand.
Listen to the voices of citizens who want an end to plastic pollution! 
The success of a global plastics agreement requires not only political will but also public support. The results of this survey clearly show how concerned many global citizens are about the problem of plastic pollution. The need for strong action on plastics was also universal across countries and demographics. Support was particularly strong in countries in the Global South, such as Mexico, Thailand, the Philippines and Malaysia. These countries are representative of countries suffering  from the enormous amount of plastic waste produced by countries in the Global North.

content5
[imgCaption]
Greenpeace activists hold a giant sign reading “Plastic Free Mexico” on the Boca Faila bridge to call out plastic waste in the Sian Ka’an nature reserve in Mexico’s Riviera Maya region
As the results of this citizen awareness survey show, the voices of the world’s citizens calling for a reduction in plastic production and a preservation of the environment will send a powerful message to governments negotiating a global plastics agreement. This result is a desperate cry for government representatives to have the courage to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and protect the interests and wishes of their citizens.

To solve the seemingly endless problem of plastic pollution, the global plastics agreement must be the seed of hope. This year, we must put an end to the plastic era and rewrite history by ending plastic pollution. The health and resilience of our planet and all living beings on it, including humans, are fundamental rights that must be preserved for future generations. The power to make a difference is in all of our hands.



Join us for plastic zero(button -> go to signPage)