
Interested campaign registration
plastic zero
Ocean
start date
November 2018
area of ​​interest
global
80%

article1
Campaign Goal
Consumers have the right to shop plastic-free. In order to reduce the use of single-use plastics, companies must introduce a new method that does not use plastics.

article2
Did you know?
Of the 8.3 billion tonnes of plastic produced worldwide between 1950 and 2015, a whopping 6.3 billion tonnes were discarded and only 9% was recycled. Single-use plastics account for 40% of total plastic production, but the average use time is only 6 months, and it takes more than 500 years to decompose.

article3
problem
A 'disposable' culture. With that convenience, we produce, consume, and dispose of a lot of plastic. Abandoned plastic pollutes marine ecosystems, and microplastics have been found even in Antarctica, out of reach. There has even been a problem of large-scale illegal export of plastic waste to Southeast Asian countries. Reducing single-use plastics from the production stage can fundamentally solve the problem of plastic pollution. The government must present strong regulations and a clear plastic reduction roadmap, and companies must accurately understand plastic usage and set plastic reduction targets. Consumers have the right not to use single-use plastics.

article4
research and investigation
In 2019, Greenpeace investigated and disclosed the illegally exported plastic waste from Korea to the Philippines. Afterwards, the public awareness of single-use plastic regulations was investigated and announced, raising the issue of single-use plastics. In addition, we pointed out the limitations of recycling-oriented policies and demanded fundamental measures from companies and the government. Since then, the 'Plastic Korea' report containing the current status of domestic plastic consumption, disposal, and recycling has been published, pointing out fundamental issues in the production and distribution of single-use plastics. In 2020, we published the 'Domestic Large Mart Disposable Plastic Distribution Status Report', which investigated the use of single-use plastics at large marts for the first time in Korea, and pointed out the problems with the use of single-use plastics at large marts. We opened a voting page to openly vote for the domestic large marts that consumers want to see the first change in, drawing the participation of more than 10,000 consumers, and urging the company for change by delivering the consumer's voice.


article4 - history
Completed February 2019
Investigation of 6,300 tons of illegal plastic waste from Korea and domestic exposure to the Philippines

Completed April 2019
Conducted 'Public awareness survey on plastic waste problem and solutions' to mark the 1st anniversary of the recyclable garbage crisis

Completed December 2019
'Plastic Korea - Temptation of Disposable' Research Report Issued

Completed December 2019
Announcing a survey on consumer awareness about the problem of using plastics in large supermarkets

Completed March 2020
Investigate the 5 largest domestic hypermarkets and issue a 'Report on Disposable Plastics Distribution in Domestic Large Marts'

Completed March 2020
Opened a hypermarket referendum page to survey consumers' preference for hypermarkets to see changes

article5
campaign activity
Greenpeace believes that governments and businesses must change to tackle the global problem of single-use plastics. Since 2019, the Ministry of Environment has been demanding a fundamental solution to manage and reduce the use of single-use plastics. The government should also tighten regulations by monitoring the production and use of plastics by companies. In July 2019, over 100,000 Greenpeace supporters signed and delivered citizens' opinions to the Ministry of Environment, and since then, we have been continuously monitoring the government's policies. And for years, Greenpeace has been calling for businesses and distributors to cut back on unnecessary plastic packaging. In Korea, we point out the problem of single-use plastics in large marts and are carrying out activities to demand the consumer's right not to consume plastics. As a result of the continuous campaign, in June 2020, Lotte Mart, one of the domestic large-scale marts, led to a declaration aimed at reducing single-use plastics by 50% by 2025. In addition, we create opportunities to participate in plastic campaigns with supporters, volunteers, and general citizens, along with various offline activities such as 'Plastic-Free Map' and plastic-free picnics, and provide various information.

article5 - History
Completed February 2019
Direct action and press conference to demand the introduction of regulations from the Ministry of Environment at the site of illegal plastic waste return

June 2019 completed
Grocery store mapping offers plastic-free shopping options

Completed July 2019
Numerous citizen participation events to experience plastic-free life

Completed August 2019
Delivered 100,000 signatures to the Ministry of Environment calling for a target to reduce single-use plastics

Completed December 2019
Facebook 'Living Well Without Plastic' meeting opens

April 2020 completed
#Courage campaign with supporter Junyeol Ryu

June 2020 completed
Lotte Mart declares a 50% reduction target for single-use plastics by 2025

slider - Carousel (*button - get involved)
Daily challenge for the planet

plastic
Using a tumbler or mug
1921 participating

plastic
Do not buy individually wrapped vegetables or fruits
827 participants
 
plastic
Carry a reusable water bottle when exercising
1092 participants

plastic
Using reusable straws
900 participants

plastic
Asking for disposable spoons to be removed when ordering food for delivery
1332 participants

slider2 - Carousel
The latest plastic zero activity

194779 signatures
Please make Korea plastic-free!
(*button - Sign Now)

plastic news
 Reading time 7 minutes May 28, 2019
Shopping necessities that save the earth 'maybe no plastic'

plastic news
 Reading time 3 minutes June 08, 2020
Lotte Mart declares plastic reduction for the first time in Asia's large mart!

plastic news
 Reading time 3 minutes April 24, 2020
'Remove plastic in supermarkets' with Ryu Jun-yeol #Courage please!

plastic news
 Reading time 5 minutes June 19, 2019
Cho Myung-rae, Minister of Environment! Please make 'Plastic Zero Korea'

section
Make a difference with sponsorship!
Greenpeace operates solely with personal sponsorship for its political and financial independence. With your support, we can tackle major environmental challenges.

regular support min 15,000\ -
temporary Sponsorship 50,000\ -