Press Release General

 4 March 6, 2023

[Press Release] UN 'Global Ocean Treaty'... Greenpeace "A New Leap Forward in Ocean Protection to Alleviate Climate Crisis"

Written by: Greenpeace

[content1]
Historic agreement reached after 5 years at 5th emergency meeting of UN Convention on Conservation of Marine Biodiversity
Expected to alleviate climate crisis , restore fishery resources , and preserve marine flora and fauna habitats

[content2]
[imgcaption]
Greenpeace held a projection performance calling for the designation of marine protected areas near the UN headquarters in New York, where the BBNJ conference was held. / Greenpeace
March 5, 2023 (Sun)_ At the 5th emergency meeting of the United Nations Convention on the Conservation of Marine Biodiversity (BBNJ), held at the United Nations Headquarters in New York from February 20 to March 4, participating countries reached a surprise agreement to conclude a strong global ocean treaty for ocean protection. The international environmental organization Greenpeace evaluated that “the conclusion of this global ocean treaty is a new leap forward in ocean protection to alleviate the climate crisis.”

At this UN BBNJ 5th emergency meeting, the conclusion of a global ocean treaty is expected to alleviate the climate crisis, restore fish stocks, and preserve the habitats of marine flora and fauna. In particular, if the global ocean treaty is concluded, it will serve as a foundation for expanding marine protected areas, which currently account for only 2% of the high seas.

In this emergency meeting, the fair sharing of financial benefits from marine genetic resources became the biggest issue, and there were difficulties in reaching an agreement until the end of the meeting. As a result, the meeting, which was scheduled to end on March 3, continued to be extended by one day, continuing the marathon negotiations until the 4th. However, many countries participating in the meeting overcame regional differences and came together toward the common goal of marine protection.

[content3]
[imgcaption]
Greenpeace held a video screening event at Seoul Hangang Park last February calling for a global ocean treaty / Greenpeace
Kim Yeon-ha, Greenpeace oceans campaigner, said, “So far, Greenpeace has been urging governments around the world, including Korea, to successfully conclude a strong global marine treaty that expands the designation of protected areas in the high seas and guarantees effective implementation, and 5.5 million citizens around the world have participated in this.” She added, “World leaders must now work together on an international scale to create global legal regulations for protecting the high seas, including marine protected areas.”

Campaigner Kim also said, “Korea is a country that actively engages in fishing activities on the high seas, but it is very encouraging that it has recognized the importance of climate crisis and marine protection while actively supporting the conclusion of a global marine treaty at this emergency meeting.” He added, “The Korean government should now do its best to actively cooperate with global countries and faithfully develop related policy measures so that the conclusion of a marine treaty can serve as a foundation for expanding marine protected areas in the high seas.”

The UN BBNJ is an international agreement that has been discussed at the UN to conserve marine biodiversity in the high seas and to use marine resources sustainably. Although intergovernmental meetings have been held five times since 2018, some national leaders have failed to conclude a treaty because they have prioritized economic benefits from marine genetic resources over marine conservation. Accordingly, the UN urgently convened the fifth emergency meeting this year to provide an opportunity to conclude a global marine treaty to protect the high seas.

The high seas, which cover 61% of the world's oceans, are natural carbon sinks and play a very important role in the Earth's carbon cycle. The high seas, which help alleviate the climate crisis, have great biological value and are also very important to humans, but only 2% of the high seas have been designated as marine protected areas, and the lack of integrated regulations to protect the high seas has led to rampant indiscriminate marine destruction.

[content4]
[imgcaption]
Last August, Greenpeace launched 300 drones in Seoul Forest to deliver messages about beautiful marine life, the crisis they face, and marine protection. / Greenpeace
In order to achieve the goal of the resolution adopted at the 2016 World Conservation Congress (WCC) to "designate at least 30% of all oceans as protected areas by 2030," Greenpeace has been campaigning to designate marine protected areas in about 20 countries around the world, including Korea, since 2019. In February, ahead of the 5th BBNJ Emergency Meeting, Greenpeace screened a video at the Hangang Park in Seoul calling for the designation of marine protected areas, and last year, it flew 300 drones in Seoul Forest to deliver a message about beautiful marine creatures, the threats they face, and marine protection.

After the fifth emergency meeting held in New York, USA from February 20 to March 4, each country will establish a foundation for marine ecosystem conservation in accordance with the agreed global ocean treaty. Greenpeace announced that it will continue to monitor global countries, including the Korean government, until the agreement reached at this meeting is reached.