Press Release Marine
 August 18, 2022

[Press Release] The Whale Loved by Woo Young-woo Appears in the Sky of Seoul, “Please Save the Ocean”

Written by: Greenpeace

[content1]
Greenpeace, 300 drones flying over Seoul Forest at 9 p.m. on August 18… Shapes of endangered marine animals such as whales and sea turtles
Heatwaves, wildfires, and record-breaking rain continue to cause climate change… Emphasizes importance of the ocean in climate regulation in the ‘climate crisis era’
Only 2% of the world's public seas are protected areas... Global marine treaties are essential to prevent marine ecosystem extinction
Greenpeace sends official letter to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries requesting that it send a high-level government delegation to the UN Convention on the Conservation of Marine Biodiversity and demonstrate leadership in marine protection
2022.08.18_
On Thursday, August 18th at 9 PM, the international environmental organization Greenpeace flew 300 drones over the Seoul Forest Family Yard, creating the image of endangered marine life such as whales and sea turtles in the night sky and delivering a message of marine protection. This drone show was prepared to inform citizens of the importance of protecting the oceans, which play a role in climate regulation, at a time when increasingly serious abnormal weather events such as heat waves and heavy rains are occurring frequently, and to request the Korean government to take the lead in protecting the high seas at the 5th conference of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity in the Areas Beyond National Jurisdiction (BBNJ) that started on the 15th.

[content2]
[imgcaption]
Over 2,000 citizens watch the Greenpeace drone show, which depicts endangered marine life disappearing and emphasizes the importance of ocean protection @Greenpeace
On this day, about 2,000 citizens gathered at the Seoul Forest Family Yard to enjoy the beautiful night sky drawn by 300 drones. It expressed the reality of endangered species disappearing as whales and sea turtles that used to swim leisurely disappeared. The message “SAVE the Ocean” appeared in the sky where marine animals disappeared, and the drone show ended with the message “30X30” to designate 30% of the open sea as a protected area by 2030 to protect the ocean and marine life.

Kim Yeon-ha, a Greenpeace campaigner, said, “With the 5th Conference of the United Nations Convention on the Conservation of Marine Biodiversity beginning on the 15th at the UN Headquarters in New York, we planned this ocean protection drone show to urge governments, together with citizens, to conclude a global ocean treaty that will substantially protect the ocean.”

Kim Campaigner said, “The ‘high seas,’ which do not belong to any country, account for 61% of the world’s ocean surface, but only 2% are designated as marine protected areas. As a result, marine destruction activities such as overfishing, marine waste dumping, and deep-sea mining are taking place in the high seas that are not subject to international legal regulations. As a result, marine animals such as whales and sea turtles are facing extinction, and the ocean is losing its function as a source of life by cooling the Earth and absorbing carbon dioxide.” He added, “The international community must sign a global ocean treaty before it is too late to save the ocean.”

In order to save the oceans from crisis, Greenpeace has been conducting the 30x30 campaign with offices in over 20 countries around the world since 2019 to designate 30% of the ocean as a protected area by 2030. As a result, over 100 countries around the world, including the US, UK, and Germany, have officially expressed support for 30x30, and Korea also announced its intention to join the 30x30 initiative at the P4G Summit in May last year.

The UN Intergovernmental Conference on the Conservation of Marine Biodiversity was established to conserve declining marine life and establish a legally binding marine treaty. The first conference was held in 2018, and the second and third conferences were held in 2019. The fourth conference was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and was held in March of this year, but ended without reaching an agreement on a global marine treaty.

The 5th UN BBNJ Convention Conference, held from the 15th to the 26th, will deal with the following as its main agenda: △Discussion and establishment of area-based management measures including marine protected areas, △Discussion and establishment of environmental impact assessments. The conference was attended by government officials from each UN member country, and the Korean government dispatched a government delegation consisting of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries to the site. On the 5th, Greenpeace sent an official letter to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries requesting that high-ranking government officials attend the conference in person and strengthen political negotiations to ensure the expansion of marine protected areas and their implementation.

Kim Campaigner said, “As the Korean government officially declared its support for the 30x30 initiative last year, it should take the lead in ensuring that a global ocean treaty is concluded at this meeting.” He added, “Korea, which was one of the countries that opposed the conclusion of ocean treaties in the past, has recently changed its position on protecting the high seas. In particular, in October last year, the Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR) supported the designation of a new marine protected area in Antarctica. We expect that Korea, a maritime power, will exercise leadership in protecting the high seas not only in Antarctica but also around the world.”

Greenpeace will directly participate in the 5th Conference of the UN Convention on the Conservation of Marine Biodiversity, monitor discussions on key agenda items, and carry out various activities to urge governments to make decisive decisions.

Meanwhile, Greenpeace had originally planned to hold this drone show on the 9th, before the UN agreement, but postponed it due to unexpected record-breaking heavy rain and decided to hold it today while the agreement is in progress.

###