<iframe width="850" height="478" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xk1oBddvHl0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

article
Empower the designation of marine sanctuaries to protect the seas in crisis.
Illegal fishing, climate change, and even deep-sea mining. Our seas are at risk.

Currently, only 2% of marine protected areas prohibit any human activity!
Due to the lack of proper international legal regulation, marine destruction continues.

The way to protect the sea is to designate 30% of the high seas as marine protected areas by 2030.

The South Korean government will directly attend the 4th intergovernmental meeting of the UN Convention on the Conservation of Marine Biodiversity (BBNJ), strengthening political negotiations so that a strong international agreement can be reached that guarantees the designation and implementation of a 30% marine protected area on the high seas by 2030. I have to.
They should also express their support for strong marine protection agreements and actively support the expansion of global marine conservation and designation of marine protected areas on the high seas.

Please add your voice so that the Korean government can actively make decisions to protect the oceans. Your active interest and participation can make a difference.

form
Let's protect the sea together now.
At the upcoming UN Maritime Treaty Meeting, we ask the Korean government to make an active decision to sign a strong maritime treaty that guarantees the expansion and implementation of marine protected areas in the high seas.

*What is 30X30? This campaign calls for designation of 30% of the world's oceans as marine protected areas by 2030.

*Among those who participated in the campaign, 10 people will be drawn every month to receive a 'solid shampoo and cotton soap bubble net set' that can reduce microplastics flowing into the sea as a gift.

 
 19 years old or older (adult)  Under 19 years old (minors)
name
get together