Latest News Marine 3 mins January 05, 2016

mainSection
Is the only tuna in the tuna can?
Written by: Greenpeace Seoul Office
Korea is one of the world's tuna consumers. Koreans' love for tuna is truly special. But is tuna the only thing in our favorite tuna can?
Tuna kimchi stew, tuna fried rice, braised tuna tofu, tuna salad... These are easy to make and taste good, so they often appear on our table. Tuna, loved by many people of all ages and genders, is truly a bountiful ingredient.

However, tuna, a food so familiar to us, is attracting attention from around the world for a slightly different reason. This is because of indiscriminate overfishing, destruction of marine ecosystems due to overfishing, and the horrific human rights violations that are taking place on board ships.

Everyone, did you know that the title of this series of articles by Greenpeace is “Is it only tuna?” This title has a special meaning. When we open a can of tuna, all we see inside is the tuna meat that has been caught in the distant sea and has undergone a clean process. But behind the scenes, there are stories of fishermen's tears, empty seas, and endangered marine ecosystems.

<iframe width="760" height="370" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oFpGw-WGMeo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Endangered tuna species

Among fishermen, tuna is called 'the outlaw of the sea' or 'the bull of the sea'. In the case of some fish species, the length alone exceeds the height of an adult male at 2m or more, and the body weight is twice that of a cow. It's called '160 km/h'.

Tuna as we know it as tuna is divided into 7 major fish species. Albacore tuna eaten in the United States, yellowfin tuna loved by Europeans, skipjack tuna readily available in cans of tuna in Korea, bluefin tuna popular as the finest raw material (Atlantic bluefin, southern bluefin, Pacific bluefin), and finally, There are bigeye tuna that you can easily see in sushi restaurants.

The International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources' list of endangered species, also known as the “Red List,” among them, the Atlantic bluefin tuna and the southern bluefin tuna are 'endangered species' and 'severe endangered species', respectively. species', and Pacific bluefin and bigeye tuna are classified as 'vulnerable to extinction'.

Burmese fishermen in temporary shelter in Ambon port, Indonesia.  Hundreds of trafficked workers are waiting to be sent back home, with many facing an uncertain future.The forced labor and trafficking survivors interviewed by Greenpeace Southeast Asia detailed beatings and food deprivation for anyone who tried to escape.  The tuna fishermen on their vessels were forced to work 20-22 hour days for little to no pay, often deprived of basic necessities like showers.

The extinction of tuna is not simply a matter of 'the tuna will no longer be eaten'. As scholars have consistently warned, if tuna, the top predator, disappears, the food chain will be out of balance, leading to the destruction of marine ecosystems.

Destructive ways to catch tuna

-The main culprits of overfishing are fishing boats and death traps FAD

A major contributor to the extinction of tuna is the Fish Aggregating Device (FAD), which is called the 'death trap'. A fishing device created using the characteristic of fish that instinctively considers floating objects as a haven and is attracted to them, serves to gather scattered swarms of fish in one place.



When enough fish gather to fill the net, the fishing boat sets up a huge net that is 2 km long and 200 m deep. This is equivalent to the combined area of ​​about 60 soccer fields and the height of three Ferris wheels.

These nets include young skipjack tuna, juvenile bigeye and yellowfin fry, as well as endangered sharks, rays, whales, sea turtles, dolphins and even seabirds, and the surrounding 'small ecosystem'. Catching the whole thing up. Throwing a large net at random like this is called bycatch.

“The canned tuna
contains not only tuna, but almost all of the sea creatures from Finding Nemo .”
-Charles Clover from 'The Empty Sea'-

-Scrooge on the sea, longline fishing boat

In addition to tuna fishing boats, there are boats called 'long-line fishing boats'. If the above mentioned fins and fishing devices are the main culprits in overfishing, longline fishing boats are mainly specialized in overfishing. Longline fishing boats that can catch live fish by hanging several twigs with hooks on a single long line are 150km long and have more than 3000 hooks. [View infographic about longline fishing boats]



The dark side of a giant global tuna company

The problem of giant tuna companies is not just the destruction of ecosystems due to overfishing and overfishing. They threaten the livelihoods of poor island countries by dominating the market, and they engage in excessive fishing activities that ignore the human rights and safety of seafarers, and are condemned by the international community.
Check out more detailed stories through Story Funding.