[상단제목]
Latest News Marine
 5 minutes March 6, 2025
Journey to protect the ocean, Greenpeace Seoul Office's footsteps for ratification

[작성자부분]
Written by: Greenpeace Seoul Office

[문단 - 배경강조]
After the agreement on the global ocean treaty in 2023, Greenpeace Seoul has been working towards another goal of ratification by at least 60 countries.
In particular, the Korean government has been carrying out various activities to take the lead in marine protection through prompt ratification.
I want to retrace those steps.

[이미지설명]
Greenpeace Seoul office activists submitted a petition with 4 million signatures from around the world to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, urging the Korean government to strongly support the 30x30 goal and pollution protection at the 4th BBNJ IGC meeting in March 2022.

[문단 - 1]
In 2019, the Seoul office launched the 30X30 campaign to expand marine protected areas and has been carrying out various activities since then.

[문단 - 2]
In 2022, 4.5 million signatures from global citizens were delivered to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, and in 2023, a global maritime treaty was agreed upon.

[문단 - 3]
Since the treaty agreement, Greenpeace has been urging more than 60 countries around the world to 'ratify' it. Only when more than 60 countries participate in the ratification of the treaty can the global ocean treaty finally come into force and become a key tool for expanding marine protected areas on the high seas.

[문단 - 4(강조)]
For two years, the Seoul office has led a variety of activities, including civic engagement, scientific research, and stakeholder lobbying, to help the South Korean government ratify the treaty.

[순차목록]
1. Presentation of a global ocean protection roadmap

[이미지설명]
We have delivered the Korean version of the “Roadmap to Achieve 30x30: Marine Protection through Global Marine Treaties” to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, urging the government to swiftly pursue ratification in line with the citizens’ wishes for marine protection.

[문단 - 4]
Thanks to your support, the Korean version of Greenpeace International’s 100-page English report, “A Roadmap to Achieving 30x30: Protecting the Oceans through a Global Ocean Treaty,” will be published in early 2024.

[문단 - 5]
This report analyzes the threats facing the world’s oceans and presents a political roadmap to designate 30% of the high seas as protected areas by 2030 (30x30) through a global ocean treaty.

[문단 - 6]
Accordingly, we urge the government to push for ratification as soon as possible in line with the citizens’ wishes for marine protection, and have delivered a Korean-language report to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries.

2. World Oceans Day 'Puzzle Collect Ocean Protection' event held

[이미지설명]
To mark World Oceans Day, Greenpeace Seoul Office held a drawing event called <Puzzle Collect Ocean Protection> with children, the future generation, at Seoul Olympic Park on June 1, 2024.

[문단 - 7]
To commemorate World Oceans Day (June 8), Greenpeace held the 'Puzzle Collect Ocean Protection' event at Seoul Olympic Park.

[문단 - 8]
The event brought together over 120 children and their families to reflect on the importance of ocean conservation by solving a giant ocean conservation puzzle.

[문단 - 9]
The participating children drew their dream of a clean ocean on puzzle pieces and completed a large whale picture measuring 6 meters wide and 2.7 meters tall.

[문단 - 10]
After the event, the final puzzle piece symbolizing the government's role was handed over to the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, and the Korean government was urged to more actively implement the ratification process.

3. Production of Greenpeace marine conservation documentary 'SEAGNAL'

[이미지설명]
Private preview of documentary 'SEGNAL'

[문단 - 11]
Greenpeace produced a documentary to raise awareness of the threats facing the world's oceans and the importance of marine protected areas.

[문단 - 12]
The documentary 'SEAGNAL' tells the stories of those who witnessed the endangered oceans in seven regions around the world, and talks about solutions to protect our beautiful, yet seriously damaged oceans.

[문단 - 13]
In the production of the documentary 'SEAGNAL', over 3,000 citizens participated in sponsorship with the intention of protecting the ocean. A private screening was held in October 24, inviting citizens who participated in sponsorship, academia, and civil society groups. Before the screening, the production team and the Greenpeace campaign team explained the behind-the-scenes story of the production and the background of the documentary, and had a meaningful time with citizens urging the government to ratify the treaty as soon as possible.

4. Policy proposals for the UN Ocean Conference

[문단 - 14]
To ensure that the Korean government reflects a strong ocean conservation policy at the 2025 UN Ocean Conference, Greenpeace delivered a letter containing the UN Ocean Conference concept document to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries in November last year.

[문단 - 15]
The document delivered by Greenpeace included support for ratifying global ocean treaties, expanding marine protected areas on the high seas, conserving marine biodiversity and habitats, and a moratorium on deep-sea mining. Through this, it urged the Korean government to play a more active role in the international community to protect the ocean.

[문단 - 16]
* UN Ocean Conference (UNOC) - The highest level international ocean-related conference hosted by the UN, attended by high-ranking officials, government representatives, civil society, scientists, and businesses, discussing ways to protect and sustainably use the ocean.

5. 2025 National Assembly Press Conference

[이미지설명]
On February 3, 2025, we held a press conference at the National Assembly with Rep. Wi Seong-gon’s office and the domestic marine protection civil society solidarity group to call for the ratification of the global marine treaty.

[문단 - 17]
On February 3, 2025, we held a press conference at the National Assembly with Rep. Wi Seong-gon’s office and the Korean Marine Protection Civil Society Solidarity, urging the ratification of the global marine treaty. In this press conference, we emphasized that ratification of the treaty is an important opportunity to demonstrate the resilience of the Korean government to the international community, while also increasing external credibility and strengthening global leadership.

[문단 - 18]
In addition, in a meeting with a Ministry of Foreign Affairs official after the press conference, he requested that the Korean government, as the host country, ratify the global ocean treaty before the UN Ocean Conference (OOC) in April 2025 and play a role in encouraging more countries to join in ratification during the conference. He urged that this would further strengthen Korea’s international leadership in the field of marine protection.

6. Marine documentary 'SEAGNAL' National Assembly preview

[이미지설명]
On March 4, 2025, we held a National Assembly screening of the documentary 'SEAGNAL' to raise awareness of the importance of ratifying the Global Barrier-Free Sea Treaty (BBNJ) and to urge the National Assembly to quickly agree to it.

[문단 - 19]
On March 4, 2025, we held a National Assembly screening of the documentary 'SEAGNAL' with National Assembly members Han Jeong-ae and Kim Young-bae. This screening was held to raise awareness of the importance of ratifying the Global Maritime Treaty (BBNJ) and to urge the National Assembly to quickly agree.

[문단 - 20]
Before the documentary screening, Greenpeace Oceans Campaigner Yeonha Kim emphasized the importance of ratifying the BBNJ Treaty to expand marine protected areas on the high seas, and the attending lawmakers also pledged to promote ratification of the treaty at the national level.

[문단 - 21]
In particular, it was emphasized that the Korean government should strengthen its leadership in ocean protection in the international community through ratification, as it is the host country of the 10th Our Ocean Conference (OOC) to be held in Busan in April.

[문단 - 22]
Greenpeace urges the South Korean government to ratify the Global Ocean Treaty as soon as possible, thereby opening the door to expanding the high seas marine protection zone. Greenpeace will continue to work to ensure that the various activities we have carried out over the past two years since the agreement on the Global Ocean Treaty serve as a foundation for a powerful ‘Ocean Treaty’ that can protect the larger and wider oceans.

[문단 - 23]
Your continued interest and support will be a great help in this endeavor. Please join us in our efforts to protect the ocean.

Join us now on our journey to protect the ocean.
(https://act.gp/3XtzkLN)