Press Release Marine

 February 16, 2023

[Press Release] Large Screen Video Appears in Hangang Park, Sign Global Marine Treaty to Protect Human Assets in the High Seas

Written by: Greenpeace

[content1]
Greenpeace, screened video at Hangang Park on February 15th… ‘If the ocean collapses, human life will collapse too’
Late last year, the UN Convention on Biological Diversity was reached to conserve and manage 30% of the Earth's oceans and land as protected areas, but the designation of marine protected areas has repeatedly failed.
Former national swimming team member Park Tae-hwan takes on the role of narrator… “Only 2% of the world’s public seas are protected areas, so please sign a global marine treaty to prevent extinction of the marine ecosystem”
Greenpeace requests Korea to send high-level government delegation to UN Marine Biodiversity Conservation Emergency Meeting starting February 20 and to demonstrate leadership in marine protection
February 15, 2023 (Wed) _ Today (15th) at 8 PM, the international environmental organization Greenpeace held a video projection event calling for the designation of a marine protected area at Banpo Hangang Park in Seoul. A screen measuring 5m in height and 9m in width displayed marine life swimming in the ocean along with the message that more than 30% of the ocean should be designated as a marine protected area by 2030. At the end of the video, a key message was written asking for the concluding of a strong global marine treaty to protect our precious oceans. The narration was provided by former national swimming team member Park Tae-hwan, better known as 'Marine Boy', emphasizing the importance of protecting the oceans.

[content2]
[imgcaption]
On February 15, a Greenpeace video was screened at Banpo Hangang Park calling for a global maritime treaty / Greenpeace
This marine protection video screening was conducted to urge global leaders to make active decisions for marine protection ahead of the 5th emergency meeting of the UN Convention on the Conservation of Marine Biodiversity (BBNJ) to be held from February 20th. In particular, this activity was conducted sequentially in five Greenpeace offices including Korea, Belgium, Mexico, Sweden, and Germany, delivering the common message that ‘sea protection is protecting the common asset of humanity.’ In addition, it requested world leaders who will make decisions at the UN emergency meeting to put their promises for concluding a global marine treaty into action.

The intergovernmental conference under BBNJ was established to establish specific legally binding measures for the conservation of marine biodiversity and marine protection. Starting with the first conference in 2018, the second and third conferences were held in 2019, and the fourth conference in March 2022, but no results were achieved. The fifth intergovernmental conference held in August last year also ended without an agreement on concluding a global marine treaty as some countries prioritized economic benefits from oil fields over marine conservation. Accordingly, an emergency meeting was urgently convened at the UN level to provide the last opportunity to conclude a global marine treaty for the protection of the high seas.

Kim Yeon-ha, a Greenpeace oceans campaigner who planned this event, said, “The Korean government must more strongly support the conclusion of the marine treaty at the upcoming emergency meeting in order to step forward as a country leading the way in marine conservation on the global stage.” She added, “Furthermore, designating high seas protection areas cannot be achieved by the will of a few countries alone. Global leaders, including Korea, must succeed in concluding a global marine treaty after repeated failures since the first meeting in 2018, and restore our devastated oceans.”

Laura Mellor, Greenpeace Global Oceans Campaigner, emphasized, “Global leaders who fail to keep their promises at the conference table are largely responsible for the failure to conclude a global ocean treaty at every conference. In particular, the EU, UK, and US, which have ambitiously pledged to protect the oceans, should take the lead in designating 30% of the high seas as protected areas by 2030, and all national delegations attending the conference should succeed in concluding a global ocean treaty to protect the high seas, a common asset for humanity.”

At the 15th Conference of the Parties (COP15) to the Convention on Biological Diversity held in Canada late last year, 196 participating countries agreed to a goal of conserving at least 30% of the world’s land and sea as protected areas by 2030.
Currently, marine protected areas on the high seas account for less than 2%. At the emergency meeting on the 20th, a strong global marine agreement must be concluded to lay the foundation for expanding the designation of protected areas on the high seas.

At the UN BBNJ emergency meeting, Greenpeace is demanding that global leaders: △establish governance to implement the 30x30 goals; △establish an integrated system to ensure the designation and implementation of marine protected areas; △actively support the Korean government in concluding a marine treaty; and △actively support the Korean government delegation in concluding the treaty and expanding protected areas.

Meanwhile, Greenpeace has been working to ensure that a global marine treaty is concluded to designate 30% of the high seas marine protection area around the world. Last August, a drone show was held in the skies over Seoul ahead of the 5th UN BBNJ meeting. Greenpeace plans to continue its marine protection campaign until a global marine treaty is concluded.

###