[상단 제목]
Eradicate illegal fishing
Ocean
Start date
January 2013
Area of ​​Interest
0
100%

[문단배너 - 01]
Campaign Objectives
We requested the government to amend the Act on the Development of the Deep-Sea Fishing Industry to eradicate illegal fishing in South Korea, which was designated as an illegal fishing nation by the United States and a preliminary illegal fishing nation by the European Union in 2013.

[문단 사진 구성]
Did you know?
South Korea, a global powerhouse in deep-sea fishing, was designated as an illegal fishing nation and a preliminary illegal fishing nation in 2013, facing a crisis of massive economic loss along with international disgrace.

[문단배너 - 02]
Problem
In 2013, the United States and the European Union designated Korea as an "illegal fishing nation" and a "preliminary illegal fishing nation," respectively. This was because Korean distant-water fishing vessels continuously engaged in illegal fishing, and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries shielded the industry, covered up the incidents, and consistently responded passively.

The designation as an illegal fishing nation was not only an international disgrace but was also expected to result in massive economic losses due to strong sanctions from the United States and the European Union.

Furthermore, illegal fishing by deep-sea fishing vessels threatens marine ecosystems, plunders marine resources from coastal nations, and is not unrelated to human rights violations against crew members.


[주제 목록 구성 - 01]
Research and investigation
In April 2013, Greenpeace published a report on the state of illegal fishing in Korea's distant-water fisheries, exposing the fact that more than 10 domestic companies had committed over 30 instances of illegal fishing. Additionally, it investigated the relevant laws and policies and issued a proposal to enable Korea to amend the 'Distant-water Industry Development Act' to a level consistent with international law.

Completed in April 2013
Publication of 'Report on the Status of Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated (IUU) Fishing in Korea's Distant Sea Fisheries' Exposing Illegal Fishing by Domestic Companies

Completed in June 2014
Publication of 'Deep-sea Fisheries Policy Reform Plan' containing loopholes in current laws and proposals for additional legislation

Completed in November 2014
Publication of 'Greenpeace Proposal on Amendment to the Deep-Sea Fisheries Development Act' reviewing the re-amendment bill pending in the National Assembly

[주제 목록 구성 - 02]
Campaign activities
Greenpeace actively informed the media and citizens about South Korea's designation as an illegal fishing nation and a preliminary illegal fishing nation, and urged the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries to amend the Act on the Development of the Deep-Sea Fishing Industry and to strictly supervise the deep-sea fishing industry. In addition, it delivered a message to eradicate illegal fishing to the companies that engaged in such activities.

Completed in April 2013
Exposing domestically, through a Greenpeace report, the South Korean government's cover-up of South Korea being designated as an illegal fishing nation in 2013.

Completed in June 2014
Conducted lobbying activities with members of the National Assembly and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries to amend the Korean Distant-Sea Fisheries Development Act, and thoroughly reviewed the Korean Distant-Sea Fisheries Act to propose directions for amendment.

Completed in August 2014
We conducted an online campaign with 'Greenpeace Citizen Police' to encourage public interest and participation in the issue of illegal fishing in Korea.

Completed in November 2014
Re-examined the amendment to the Deep-Sea Fisheries Development Act, which was pending in the National Assembly, pointed out legal loopholes, and presented supplementary measures.

Completed in November 2014
Direct action carried out to deliver the message "Stop Illegal Fishing!" to the Inseong 3, which had returned to the country after illegal fishing, and to tie up its propeller.

Completed in February 2015
Withdrawal of designation of Korea as an illegal fishing nation

[챌린지파트는 메인페이지와 동일함]

[최신기사목록 - 불법어업근절]
Latest illegal fishing eradication activities

Latest marine news
Reading time 9 minutes August 8, 2015
South Korea, a Deep-sea Fishing Powerhouse, Designated as an Illegal Fishing Nation and Its Escape Story

Latest marine news
Reading time 5 minutes October 27, 2014
Illegal fishing destroying marine ecosystems and our future

Latest marine news
Reading time 3 mins January 5, 2016
Is tuna the only thing inside a can of tuna?