Latest News Marine 3 minutes December 24, 2018

mainSection

The red signal the sea sends us
Written by: Greenpeace Seoul Office

The sea plays a very important role in our lives. However, as marine pollution has become more serious in recent years, the urgency of protecting the sea is growing. What kind of red signal is the sea sending us now?

article1
Beautiful and great being, the sea
Do you know where the oxygen we need to breathe comes from?

It is 'the sea'. Oxygen produced by microscopic plankton living in the ocean is responsible for half of the planet's oxygen.

The coral area of ​​Raja Ampat, Indonesia, famous for its biodiversity<The coral area of ​​Raja Ampat, Indonesia, famous for its biodiversity>

About 70% of the Earth's surface is covered by blue oceans. Our oceans are home to invisible microbes, to blue whales with hearts the size of adult gorillas, and more than 700,000 species of marine life.

A fisherman fishing in Guinea, West Africa<A fisherman fishing in Guinea, West Africa>

Not only this. The sea is an indispensable part of our human life.
Because it provides a variety of jobs and food to billions of people on the planet. Not only that, but it also provides a shelter with peace of mind and joy.

Our precious ocean is now sending us a warning message.

article2
Excessive resource extortion
When you think of the endless expanse of the sea, abundant and limitless resources come to mind. But the truth is that the sea resources are not infinite. This is because cutting-edge technology and disruptive fishing practices are depleting ocean resources by businesses.

Krill fishing boat caught offshore at Livingstone Island in Antarctica<Catching a krill fishing boat carrying cargo on the sea at Livingstone Island in the Antarctic Ocean>

As a result, marine ecosystems are being destroyed, and more and more fish species are endangered. The whale shark, which lives in the warm waters of tropical regions such as the Philippines and the Maldives, is currently listed as an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). This is because whale shark fins are used for shark fins.

A whale shark swimming in the warm Philippine waters<Whale shark swimming in the warm Philippine waters>

Even more serious is the fact that 64% of the planet's oceans are not included in the exclusive economic zone, so there are no laws to protect it. So, marine creatures that swim in the open sea, such as whale sharks, are at risk of overfishing. The exploitation of marine resources and the capture of marine life has already become too easy. Currently, 5% of the world's oceans are designated as marine protected areas, and only 2% of them are prohibited from human activity, so only this area is properly protected.

article3
The sea is plastic soup?!
The North Pacific plastic zone you've probably heard of. There are about 1.8000 trillion pieces of plastic floating in the ocean currents. This piece is said to weigh about 500 jumbo jets combined. Unbeknownst to us, our oceans are increasingly filled with plastic.

We firmly believe that recycling is the solution, and we dispose of plastic waste through separate collection. But the reality is that plastic waste is floating along the ocean currents. Uninhabited islands, as well as the North and South Poles. These plastics have become a serious problem around the world as they have been choking the breath of many marine creatures.

Manta rays swimming with plastic trash in the waters of Nusa Penida, Indonesia<Manta rays swimming with plastic waste in the waters of Nusa Penida, Indonesia>

This is a case that shocked many people this spring. 29 kg of plastic waste was found in the belly of a dead sperm whale in southern Spain. Even a few weeks ago, a plastic bottle of water was found in the belly of an anglerfish. Even more shocking is the fact that the angler was caught off the coast of Buan, Jeollabuk-do, Korea. This sad news, which has become a daily routine, clearly shows the sad reality facing our seas.

article4
solid carbon storage
The oceans are known as Earth's carbon reservoirs. Carbon is being stored by marine life! Thus, salt marshes, mangroves, and areas that protect algae and seaweed all store carbon and thus help mitigate the impacts of climate change.

carbon storage

However, global warming, a climate change phenomenon, is raising the temperature of the sea due to carbon emission and causing ocean acidification. Some scientists say that the extinction that the oceans will face in the next century could be the worst since the age of the dinosaurs.

article5
guardian of the sea
This is the reality of the sea.
There is no surer way to protect our oceans than to designate a marine protected area.

Marine protected areas serve to protect the ocean from complex external environmental factors, including human interference. By keeping the sea healthy, it absorbs carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and prevents climate change. It also creates space for conserving marine ecosystems and biodiversity. We are actually helping to restore fish species that are endangered by overfishing. For this reason, scientists around the world are recommending that by 2030 at least 30% of the oceans should be designated as protected areas.

hand heart

Fortunately, the United Nations recently stepped up to draft a new maritime treaty to make the high seas a marine protected area by 2020. Greenpeace also supports maritime treaties to create a large-scale network of marine protected areas, and will continue to work to protect the seas, including the Antarctic Ocean.

It is time for all of us to act before the oceans are irreparably damaged.
Many people are still unaware of the circumstances in which the sea is in such danger.
As the first step towards protecting the ocean, why not let people around you know about the need to protect the ocean?

Become a sea keeper with Greenpeace!

Together to protect the sea(mainSignPage)