[title]
Earth is in danger,
please save it before it's too late!

[leftAside]
The Earth groans under global environmental problems
The environmental issues facing us today are more serious and urgent than ever. Climate crisis, ocean pollution, and deforestation are destroying the habitats of wildlife and humans and posing unpredictable threats.

Greenpeace
But there is still time to resolve it.

Greenpeace, an international environmental organization that has protected the Earth for half a century
Greenpeace operates in more than 50 countries across six continents, creating positive change for our planet.

We are working for a sustainable planet with six projects as our top priorities: protecting the Arctic and Antarctic, protecting forests, protecting the oceans, climate crisis, zero plastic, and healthy living.

How Greenpeace Makes a Difference
Greenpeace is funded solely by donations from individual donors. We desperately need your support to protect the environment of the Earth. With your donations, Greenpeace can continue to work tirelessly to protect the Earth from governments and corporations.

Exposing Environmental Crimes: We exposed illegal gold mining plaguing the Amazon rainforest and forced Hyundai Construction Equipment to stop selling heavy equipment near protected areas.
Global Campaign: We are calling for a 'Global Plastics Agreement' to regulate plastic production and use by companies around the world to stop plastic pollution.
Corporate and Government Monitoring: Samsung Electronics announced its goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, including 100% renewable energy power usage. Greenpeace continues to monitor government and corporate commitments.
Preserving biodiversity: Over the past two decades, Greenpeace and the demands of 5.5 million people around the world have led to an international agreement to establish marine protected areas, laying the foundation for protecting at least 30% of the ocean by 2030.
Greenpeace
Change for our planet takes a long time.
For over 50 years, Greenpeace has been making a difference for the planet by speaking up for animals and nature that cannot speak for themselves, relying solely on the support of individual donors.

It may be difficult for one person to do, but together we can do it.
Loading...

[rightAside]
Select your donation
Making a difference for the planet
With your support, Greenpeace can protect the environment around the world.

Regular Sponsorship - tabMenu
Temporary Sponsorship - tabMenu
15 thousand won(options)
20 thousand won(options)
30 thousand won(options)
Your regular support is a great help in continuing Greenpeace's environmental campaigns.

Direct Input(field)
Direct Input
Support Us (button)
Secure Payment ・Credit card information is encrypted in SSL security mode.