Interested campaign registration
eradication of illegal fishing
Ocean
start date
January 2013
area of ​​interest
0
100%

article1
Campaign Goal
In 2013, we requested the government to revise the Deep Sea Industry Development Act to eradicate illegal fishing in Korea, which was designated as an illegal fishing country and a preliminary illegal fishing country by the United States and the European Union, respectively.

article2
Did you know?
Korea, a world-class deep-sea power, was designated as an illegal fishing country and a preliminary illegal fishing country in 2013, and faced a crisis of enormous economic loss along with international disgrace.

article3
problem
In 2013, the United States and the European Union designated Korea as 'country of illegal fishing' and 'country of preliminary illegal fishing' respectively. This is because Korean deep-sea fishing boats continued to engage in illegal fishing, and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries protected the industry and covered up the incident with a consistent passive response.
The designation as an illegal fishing country is not only an international disgrace, but it is also expected to cause huge economic losses due to strong sanctions from the United States and the European Union.
In addition, illegal fishing by deep-sea fishing boats threatens marine ecosystems, robs coastal countries of marine resources, and has nothing to do with human rights violations of seafarers.

article4
research and investigation
Greenpeace published a report on illegal fishing in Korea in April 2013, revealing that more than 10 domestic companies engaged in more than 30 illegal fishing practices. In addition, we researched the relevant laws and policies and issued a proposal so that Korea can revise the 'Wonyang Industrial Development Act' to a level that is in line with international law.

article4 - history
April 2013 completed
Published 'Korea Deep Sea Fishing Illegal Fishing (IUU) Status Report' that exposes illegal fishing by domestic companies

June 2014 completed
Publication of the 'Deep Sea Fisheries Policy Reform Plan' containing loopholes in the current laws and proposals for additional bills

Completed November 2014
Issuance of 'Greenpeace Proposal on the Amendment of the Ocean Industry Development Act' after reviewing the pending amendments to the National Assembly

article5
campaign activity
Greenpeace actively informed the media and citizens of Korea's designation as an illegal fishing country and preliminary illegal fishing country, and urged the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries to revise the Ocean Industry Development Act and strictly supervise the ocean industry. We also delivered a message to eradicate illegal fishing to companies that engaged in illegal fishing.

article5 - History
Completed April 2013
In 2013, the Korean government concealed the designation of Korea as an illegal fishery country through Greenpeace Report.

Completed June 2014
To amend the Korea Deep Sea Industry Development Act, lobby the National Assembly members and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, and thoroughly review the Korea Deep Sea Fisheries Act to suggest a revision direction.

Completed August 2014
Conducted an online campaign with 'Greenpeace Citizen Police' to stimulate citizens' interest and participation in Korea's illegal fishing problem

Completed November 2014
Reexamine the amendment to the Ocean Industry Development Act, which was pending in the National Assembly, point out legal loopholes, and suggest supplementary measures

Completed November 2014
In Inseong No. 3, which came to Korea after illegal fishing, 'Stop illegal fishing!' Direct action to deliver messages and tie propellers

Completed February 2015
Withdrawal of designation as Korea Illegal Fisheries Country

slider - Carousel (*button - get involved)
Daily challenge for the planet

Ocean
Don't eat endangered seafood
687 participants

Ocean
Do not eat fry (young fish) or fish eggs
411 participants

Ocean
Clearing up trash on the beach and sandy beach
417 participants

Ocean
Use an inorganic sunscreen that does not contain oxybenzone or octinoxate that kills coral reefs
347 participants

Ocean
Avoid using face wash or household products that contain microplastics
607 participants


slider2 - Carousel
Latest Illegal Fishing Eradication Activities

Marine latest news
 Reading time 9 minutes August 08, 2015
Designation and escape period as an illegal fishing country of the deep-sea power Korea

Marine latest news
 5 minutes to read October 27, 2014
Illegal fishing is destroying marine ecosystems and our future

Marine latest news
 3 mins reading time year 2016 01 05
Is the only tuna in the tuna can?

section
Make a difference with sponsorship!
Greenpeace operates solely with personal sponsorship for its political and financial independence. With your support, we can tackle major environmental challenges.

regular support min 15,000\ -
temporary Sponsorship 50,000\ -