[상단 제목]
Eradicate illegal fishing
Marine
Start date
January 2013
Area of ​​interest
0
100%
 

[문단배너 - 01]
Campaign Goals
In 2013, the government requested revisions to the Distant Water Fisheries Development Act to eradicate illegal fishing in South Korea, which was designated as an illegal fishing country and a potential illegal fishing country by the United States and the European Union, respectively.

[문단 사진 구성]
Did you know?
South Korea, a global ocean power, was designated as an illegal fishing country and a potential illegal fishing country in 2013, facing international embarrassment and enormous economic losses.
[문단배너 - 02]
Problem
In 2013, the United States and the European Union designated South Korea as an "illegal fishing country" and a "potential illegal fishing country," respectively. This stemmed from the persistent illegal fishing activities of South Korean deep-sea fishing vessels, while the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries consistently protected the industry, covered up the incidents, and responded passively.

Designation as an illegal fishing country not only resulted in international embarrassment, but also in the expected massive economic losses due to strong sanctions from the United States and the European Union.

Moreover, illegal fishing by deep-sea fishing vessels threatens the marine ecosystem, plunders marine resources from coastal countries, and is not unrelated to human rights violations of seafarers.

[주제 목록 구성 - 01]
Research and investigation
In April 2013, Greenpeace published a report on illegal fishing in South Korea, exposing the fact that more than 10 domestic companies had engaged in over 30 illegal fishing operations. Furthermore, Greenpeace investigated the relevant laws and policies and issued a proposal to revise the Distant Sea Fisheries Development Act to ensure it complies with international law.

Completed in April 2013
The "Report on the Status of Illegal, Unregulated (IUU) Fishing in Korean Deep-sea Fisheries" was published to expose illegal fishing practices by domestic companies.

Completed in June 2014
The "Reform Plan for Deep-sea Fisheries Policy," which addresses loopholes in current laws and proposes additional legislation, has been published.

Completed in November 2014
Greenpeace publishes a proposal for amendments to the Distant Sea Fisheries Development Act, reviewing the revised bill currently pending in the National Assembly.

[주제 목록 구성 - 02]
Campaign activities
Greenpeace actively informed the media and the public of Korea's designation as an illegal fishing country and potential illegal fishing country, and urged the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries to revise the Distant Water Fisheries Development Act and strictly manage and supervise the distant water fishing industry. We also delivered a message to companies involved in illegal fishing to eradicate it.

Completed in April 2013
Greenpeace report exposes the South Korean government's cover-up of its designation of Korea as an illegal fishing country in 2013.

Completed in June 2014
Lobbying the National Assembly and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries to revise the Korean Distant Sea Fisheries Development Act, and closely reviewing the Korean Distant Sea Fisheries Act to propose a direction for revision.

Completed in August 2014
To encourage public interest and participation in Korea's illegal fishing problem, we are running an online campaign with Greenpeace Citizen Police.

Completed in November 2014
Re-examine the amendment to the Deep-sea Fisheries Development Act, which was pending in the National Assembly, to identify legal loopholes and suggest supplementary measures.

Completed in November 2014
Direct action was taken to deliver the message "Stop Illegal Fishing!" to the Inseong 3, which had returned to Korea after illegal fishing, and to tie down its propeller.

Completed in February 2015
Withdrawal of Korea's designation as an illegal fishing country

[챌린지 목록 - 참여토글기능]
Daily Challenge for the Earth

Marine
Avoid eating endangered seafood
1873 people participating
Join us

Marine
Do not eat fry (young fish) or fish eggs.
1150 people participating
Join us

Marine
Cleaning up trash on the beach and sandy shore
1127 people participating
Join us

Marine
Use inorganic sunscreens that do not contain oxybenzone or octinoxate, which kill coral reefs.
908 people participating
Join us

Marine
Avoid using cleansers or household products containing microplastics.
1673 people participating
Join us

[최신기사목록 - 플라스틱제로]
Latest illegal fishing eradication efforts

Latest Marine News
 Reading Time: 9 minutes August 8, 2015
The story of South Korea, a deep-sea powerhouse, being designated as an illegal fishing country and its escape

Latest Marine News
 Reading Time 5 minutes October 27, 2014
Illegal fishing is destroying the marine ecosystem and our future.

Latest Marine News
 Reading Time 3 mins January 5, 2016
Is there only tuna in a can of tuna?
