[상단제목]
Press Release Marine
 3min March 17, 2025
[Statement] Korea, the first East Asian country to ratify a global maritime treaty

[작성자 부분]
Greenpeace: “We must play our part as OOC hosts to bring the treaty into effect”
Written by: Greenpeace

[비순차목록]
Passed with unanimous approval at the plenary session of the National Assembly on the 13th

Greenpeace: “It’s time for Korea to show leadership in ocean protection”

As the host country of the OOC in April, we must play a role in encouraging international community ratification.

[문단 - 1]
(March 13, 2025) Korea officially ratified the 'Global Marine Treaty' (Consensus on the Agreement on the Conservation and Sustainable Use of Marine Biodiversity in Areas Beyond National Jurisdiction under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, BBNJ). The Global Marine Treaty is very significant as it is the first legally binding treaty aimed at 'conserving marine life in the high seas.'

[문단 - 2]
As the motion to ratify the Global Maritime Treaty passed with unanimous approval at the plenary session of the National Assembly on the 13th, Korea became the first East Asian country to participate in the ratification. In order for the Global Maritime Treaty to come into effect, at least 60 countries need to ratify it, and so far 20 countries, including Spain, France, Chile, and Seychelles, have completed ratification.

[문단 - 3]
The high seas, which cover 61% of the world's oceans, are a natural carbon sink for responding to the climate crisis and a habitat for numerous marine life. However, due to the lack of legal protection devices, indiscriminate destruction continues, and it has been pointed out that it is urgent to establish governance to effectively protect and manage the high seas. Currently, less than 2% of the high seas are designated as protected areas.

[문단 - 4]
In particular, this ratification participation is all the more meaningful as Korea is the host country of the 10th Our Ocean Conference (OOC). The OOC is a high-level international conference that discusses marine pollution, climate change, and maritime security, and will be held at BEXCO in Busan from April 28 to 30.

[문단 - 5]
Kim Yeon-ha, Greenpeace Oceans Campaigner, said, “Korea’s ratification of the global ocean treaty is an important step, but it is also just the beginning,” adding, “Above all, Korea, as the host country, must play a leading role at the OOC conference to encourage more countries to join in ratifying the treaty so that it can come into effect before the UN Ocean Conference in June.”

[문단 - 6]
Campaigner Kim continued, “To this end, the Korean government should actively prepare a preparatory committee for expanding the high seas marine protected areas and work to ensure that waters designated as priority marine protected areas, such as the Emperor Seamounts in the Pacific Ocean, are quickly designated as protected areas.” Revisions to domestic laws and implementation of policies are also remaining tasks for implementing the treaty.


[문단 - 7]
Meanwhile, Greenpeace has been campaigning through its offices around the world to designate 30% of the high seas as marine protected areas (30x30) by 2030, and has been emphasizing the importance of a global marine treaty that provides a legal foundation for this. In addition, on the 4th, it held a National Assembly screening of the marine documentary 'SEAGNAL'(https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zlymYijM04DrtSs5GKFBPlXD6iOu_r4f247QndriRCY/edit?tab=t.0) to urge the Korean government to ratify the global marine treaty .

[문단 - 8]
Greenpeace will continue to urge the Korean government to faithfully implement global maritime treaties and plans to continue campaigning to ensure that high seas marine protected areas are expanded as soon as possible.