[좌측]
Please protect our oceans from climate change and marine pollution.

Background Image
The ocean is suffering now
The oceans and marine ecosystems are at risk from rapidly rising water temperatures, illegal fishing and overfishing, marine debris, deep-sea mining threats, and extreme noise from various human activities. 

Greenpeace has captured the ocean crisis occurring all over the world in the documentary <Signal>. 

#1. Due to rising water temperatures, corals in the ocean that were once full of life are losing their color and turning white and dying. As ocean temperatures rise due to climate change, 'coral bleaching' is a phenomenon that is occurring all over the world.

#2. The damage caused by fishing gear waste that female divers in Jeju Island, South Korea are experiencing is also serious. There are female divers who almost lost their lives after their feet were caught in discarded fishing nets, and there are also cases of dolphins having their tails cut off due to fishing gear waste, all of which occurred in the waters off Jeju Island.

 #3. Sound in the ocean is like life to marine animals. However, marine animals are dying due to the extreme noise that humans create in the ocean. Ocean noise has become a new source of marine pollution.

In addition, threats such as overfishing, bycatch, and sea level rise lurk throughout the ocean.

Please join us in designating marine protected areas to protect our oceans.
Empower 5.5 million voices.

5.5 million people. This is the number of citizens around the world who have participated in Greenpeace's ocean protection campaign so far. The participation of each citizen to protect the ocean, which is losing life, has brought about a big change. The power of citizens is strong, and we are one step closer to a big change to protect the ocean.

Greenpeace's Projection Action, which has continued the ocean protection campaign to conclude a global ocean treaty

Citizens around the world are calling for 30% of the high seas to be designated as marine protected areas by 2030, where human commercial activities are restricted. Greenpeace has been campaigning for the ocean treaty since 2005, and is still working to expand the marine protected areas based on this.

We have the power to make change.

Last Chance to Save the Sea
Greenpeace's Projection Action, which has continued the ocean protection campaign to conclude a global ocean treaty

Now, join us in making change a reality. 

By the time the UN conference is held in June 2025, more than 60 governments will need to ratify and approve the treaty in accordance with their own laws. In March 2025, the Korean government ratified it after numerous citizen petitions. Now, we must work to ensure that the global maritime treaty actually comes into effect.

Greenpeace joins citizens in demanding the following: 

World leaders must ratify the UN Global Ocean Treaty by June 2025.
The South Korean government should also take active action to ensure that 30% of the ocean is designated as a marine protected area by 2030.
There is not much time left now. 

The last chance to save our suffering oceans lies in the hands of governments around the world this June. 

Please join our petition to help Greenpeace have a stronger voice.

[우측]
Your petition will help ensure that protected areas are properly protected.
Currently, 10,333 citizens are demanding forest protection. We will collect the voices of 50,000 citizens and make a demand to the government by the national audit in October.

name
Email address
phone number
Phone number example: 010-0000-0000

Select all items


(Required) Consent to receive Greenpeace sponsorship information


(Required) View the consent to collection/use of personal information

Petition