[상단제목]
Press Release Plastics
 3 minutes June 12, 2025
[Report] Jeju Island residents including female divers and fishermen: "Jeju sea has become a giant garbage dump"
The Jeju People's Solidarity for Participatory Democracy and the Jeju Island Residents Urge to 'Reduce Plastic Production'

[작성자 부분]
Written by: Greenpeace

[비순차목록]
“Jeju Sea has become a huge garbage dump, the new government should not ignore it”
21st President's Symbolic Figure Handed Over Contaminated Marine Life Doll
[이미지]
[문단 - 01]
On June 5, Environment Day, the Jeju Island residents and the Jeju Island residents are holding a performance to urge the new government to reduce plastic production by handing over polluted marine creature dolls. Photo = Courtesy of the Jeju Island residents
[문단 - 02]
On the 5th, when the 2025 World Environment Day event was held, marine life polluted with plastic appeared at the Jeju International Convention Center. This was a performance by young fishermen, female divers, children, civic groups active in Jeju, and activists from the Solidarity for Eradicating Plastic Problems (hereinafter referred to as the Plastic Roots Solidarity), urging the new government to reduce production to break the vicious cycle of plastic pollution.
[문단 - 03]
The theme of the 2025 World Environment Day event is 'End Plastic Pollution'. This press conference was held by Jeju residents and the Pulrootyeon Solidarity, who are suffering from a sea of ​​garbage while the government is ignoring production reductions out of concern for the petrochemical industry's losses. The fundamental solution to end plastic pollution is to reduce production, but the government has been sticking to a management-centered response method for over 20 years. The level of pollution in the entire ecosystem due to the increasing plastic production and consumption and the pouring waste has now reached a point where it is difficult to reverse without reducing production.
[문단 - 04]
Kim Jeong-do, a young Jeju fisherman, said, “I moved to Jeju to make a living in the ocean, but fishing has become about salvaging plastic waste, not catching fish.” He lamented how long we will continue to repeat stopgap measures focused on collection, and demanded that reducing plastic production be clearly declared as a national agenda.
[문단 - 05]
Next, Jeju Haenyeo Lee Yu-jeong said, “I have decided not to remain silent any longer on behalf of the silent sea.” She said that while diving in the ocean for several hours a day and being exposed to dozens of times more microplastics, “trash is not just an unsightly problem; it is a threat to our lives.” She emphasized that with the equivalent of a truckload of plastic flowing into the ocean every second, we now need the courage to not make plastic.
[문단 - 06]
Next, Choi Ha-min, a third-grader at Jeju Jongdal Elementary School, said, “There is a limit to what children can do,” and that even if plogging and using reusable containers are used to solve the plastic pollution problem, “If adults do not find a way to reduce the production and use of plastic, our future could be in real danger,” placing responsibility on adults who are the ones responsible for the solution. He said that he hopes that his comments today will inspire at least one adult to take action, saying that he wants to swim and play in the sand with his friends in Jeju’s clear ocean.
[문단 - 07]
Lastly, Faye Ferre, East Asia and Southeast Asia Network Organizer at international environmental organization Break Free From Plastic (BFFP), said regarding this World Environment Day, “I hope this will be an opportunity to remind everyone that we all have a role to play in ending plastic pollution.” She urged the Korean government to support practical solutions to reduce production in Geneva in August, as the INC-5.2, which will be held in a few weeks, is a rare opportunity to make structural changes to the response to the plastic pollution problem.
[문단 - 08]
In a press release, the Plastic Solidarity Alliance pointed out that although our country ranks 4th in the world in terms of plastic raw material production capacity, the government has not even begun to make efforts to reduce production in consideration of environmental issues. They recalled that our country hosted the 5th Plastics Convention last year, and criticized, “While the government is ignoring the fundamental solution of reducing production, the damage is being borne by our citizens and children who are growing up while coexisting with nature and making a living day by day.”
[문단 - 09]
He continued, “A large amount of plastic waste that is not incinerated or buried moves into waterways, and plastics account for 80% of marine litter, and plastics are found all over the world in waterways, including rivers, coasts, sea surfaces, the deep sea, and polar ice caps.” He added, “There are already 190 million tons of microplastics accumulated in rivers, and 30 million tons in the ocean.” He emphasized that “People are at the end of the aggravating ecological destruction caused by plastics.” He added, “We must stop giving priority to the losses of the petrochemical industry centered on large corporations that will be caused by production reductions themselves, over the problems caused by policies that do not reduce production, such as environmental pollution, destruction of the ecosystem, and infringement on the people’s right to health.”
[문단 - 10]
Kim Sun-ah, an activist from Green Korea United who was in charge of society, concluded the press conference by saying, “The 5.2nd session of the UN Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee on Plastic Pollution (INC-5.2), which is approaching in two months, is the final meeting to finalize the agreement,” and once again emphasized that the government, as a responsible member of the international community, will play a role in reducing plastic production in the final negotiations for the plastic agreement.
[문단 - 11]
The press conference began 30 minutes before the ministerial roundtable, and was attended by activists from the Jeju Green Alliance, Jeju residents, and the Marine Citizen Science Center Paran, a Green Union specialized organization operating in Jeju.

(end)