News Plastics 3 minutes April 24, 2020

mainSection

'Removing plastic in supermarkets' with Ryu Jun-yeol #Courage please!
Written by: Leeseo Kim, Greenpeace Seoul Office Campaigner
Actor Ryu Jun-yeol, who supports Greenpeace, made a courageous suggestion about the problem of single-use plastic packaging in large supermarkets. Check out the courageous figure that Jun-Yeol Ryu's supporter showed himself at the hypermarket and the story behind it!
Actor Ryu Jun-yeol's SNS posted a short but powerful message and a photo.


Sponsor Jun-Yeol Ryu who talked about the problem of disposable packaging for ingredients purchased at large supermarkets (Photo: Jun-Yeol Ryu SNS)
“I never bought you #plastic” 

We often buy items and ingredients we need at large supermarkets. When you return home and open the items in your shopping cart one by one, you will come across items surrounded by packaging waste, as in the photo shared by supporter Jun-Yeol Ryu. 

 

“I ordered plastic and it came with fruit.. #Plastic” 

As Sponsor Ryu Jun-yeol said, we bought the product, not the unnecessary plastic. Nevertheless, it is the consumer's sole responsibility to dispose of this packaging waste. If so, how much of the plastic waste we separate and dispose of can be recycled? Unfortunately, to date, less than 10% of all plastics discarded worldwide are recycled. The rest are either buried or burned, or they are illegally left unattended and flowed into the sea, causing various problems. 

So what can we do as consumers? Here, you can get a hint by looking at the following SNS post by Ryu Jun-yeol. 


Sponsor Ryu Jun-yeol who bought fish using reusable containers at a hypermarket (Photo: Ryu Jun-yeol SNS)
Jun-Yeol Ryu, a supporter who personally took a multi-use container and had the courage to go to a large mart and buy food. If such a system is introduced in large marts that can bring only the items that they want to buy without disposable plastic packaging, consumers will not have to take the trouble of separating unnecessary packaging and feel guilty about creating garbage. 

article1
Ryu Jun-yeol's Vlog <Hot Tips for Living Without Disposable Plastics> 

Curious about what we can do right now, until hypermarkets change? Here, you can find the answer in 'Honey Tips for Living, Vlog' by Ryu Jun-yeol. 

In the video of 'Honey Tips for Living, Vlog' in a total of 4 episodes, Sponsor Jun-Yeol Ryu introduced the cases of overseas large marts that are already practicing 'Zero Plastic' along with the regret about excessive plastic packaging. Literally, they are selling fruits or grains without packaging. It is said that large supermarkets such as the UK have expanded this to more branches as the consumer response to the system without packaging materials, which was introduced as a pilot, was too good than expected. 

In the last video, sponsor Jun-yeol Ryu introduces 'Maybe there is no plastic'. This is a map that Greenpeace and volunteers made with their own feet. It is a map that shows the shops and markets around us where you can buy goods without packaging. This is to say that 'plastic-free shopping' is by no means impossible. Check out the video by clicking here!


Video still cuts filmed by Ryu Jun-yeol, sponsor


article2
Now the hypermarket within the container # turn to be

Last year, Greenpeace conducted a survey on consumers' perceptions of 'the use of single-use plastics in hypermarkets'. Most consumers thought that the use of single-use plastics in hypermarkets was excessive. Seven out of 10 consumers also answered, 'If there is a mart that reduces the use of plastic, they are willing to try it even if they change the purchase location'. 

Consumer demand is increasing, but Korean hypermarkets' efforts to reduce single-use plastics are still minimal. According to the 'Report on the distribution of plastics in domestic large-scale marts' published by Greenpeace in March , E-Mart, Lotte Mart, Homeplus, Nonghyup Hanaro Mart, and Mega Mart are all marts except E-Mart (score 'C') out of a total of 5 major hypermarkets. received a failing point (score 'F'). 


Greenpeace is demanding that they set a target to reduce plastic use in front of Lotte Mart, which received a failing score of 'F' in a survey on the distribution of disposable plastics.
Hypermarkets must have the courage to respond to consumer demand for plastic-free shopping . Of course, hypermarkets cannot solve all problems. However, large marts can directly show the change closest to the consumer, and have the power to decide what products to put on the shelf, including their own products (PB). If hypermarkets face the problems caused by single-use plastics and actively work with manufacturers to find ways to solve them, they can innovatively reduce unnecessary plastic packaging.

Consumers have taken on the responsibility and disposal of unnecessary plastic waste. Now proudly ask for a 'Plastic Zero' hypermarket at #Courageous hypermarkets! 

It is a consumer's right to demand that unnecessary packaging materials be removed. Until the day that Korean hypermarkets take courage for the environment and consumers, please join us with supporter Jun-yeol Ryu and Greenpeace!

sign zero plastic(signPage)