[대제]
Greenpeace
works solely for the planet.

[입력부 - fieldset]
[부제 - 01]
Select your donation [legend]
Making a difference for the planet
[문단 - 01]
With your support, Greenpeace can protect the environment around the world.
[입력선택 - tab]
Regular Sponsorship
Temporary Sponsorship

[정기후원 - 옵션]
30,000 won
20,000 won
15,000 won
[설명]
Your regular support is a great help in continuing Greenpeace's environmental campaigns.

[일시후원 - 옵션]
70,000 won
150,000 won
300,000 won
[설명]
Your generous donations will be used for campaign activities for the Earth.

[직접 입력]
Direct Input
[버튼 - 확인]
Support Us
[설명]
Secure Payment ・Credit card information is encrypted in SSL security mode.

[문단사진구성]
[이미지]
[부제 - 01]
What kind of Earth do you want to live on?
[문단 - 01]
The environmental issues facing us today are more serious and urgent than ever. Climate crisis, ocean pollution, and deforestation are destroying the habitats of wildlife and humans and posing unpredictable threats.
[문단 - 02]
But there is still time to resolve it.


Making Change with Greenpeace
63036
Harry
For half a century, Greenpeace’s environmental surveillance vessels have been at the forefront of environmental protection on the world’s oceans.

They’ve sailed nearly three times around the globe and are still tackling some of the world’s most pressing environmental issues today.
55
More than 100 years old
Greenpeace has offices in 55 countries around the world, responding to local and global issues. Environmental issues have no borders.
223797
number of people
Greenpeace has now surpassed 200,000 supporters.

We are making changes for the Earth today, taking responsibility for the trust and empathy you have shown us.

*2023, based on East Asia
This Earth Needs You
Greenpeace is an international environmental organization that is at the forefront of environmental protection.
But the Earth is still in danger.
 
Your valuable support will help solve the urgent climate crisis.
It is a great help in protecting citizens, animals and nature in vulnerable areas.
How Greenpeace Makes a Difference
Greenpeace is funded solely by donations from individual donors.

slide 1 to 3 of 4
Greenpeace is carrying out marine environment clean-up activities.
Conservation of biodiversity
Over the past two decades, Greenpeace and the demands of 5.5 million people around the world have led to an international treaty establishing marine protected areas, laying the foundation for protecting at least 30 percent of the ocean by 2030.

a652ce5d-photo5-source_-ibama
Exposing environmental crimes
We exposed illegal gold mining plaguing the Amazon rainforest and forced Hyundai Construction Equipment to stop selling heavy equipment near protected areas.

Greenpeace WeAreWatching Giant Snow Flag
Global Campaign
We are calling for a 'global plastics agreement' to regulate plastic production and use by domestic and international companies to stop plastic pollution.

In December 2017, a campaign was launched in New York urging Samsung Electronics to use 100% renewable energy.
Corporate and Government Monitoring
Samsung Electronics announced its goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, including 100% renewable energy power usage. Greenpeace continues to monitor government and corporate commitments.

Why I Support Greenpeace
People who thought about and took action first for the environment and the future said this.

slide 2 to 4 of 3

Heart for children
When I met the child, I wanted to see, share, and protect even the smallest things together. I started sponsoring in 2018. I hope it is not too late.

Supporter of Lim Kyeong-seon
Lim Kyeong-seon
Something you can do little by little for a long time
I saw Greenpeace activists bravely stepping forward. As an ordinary citizen, I sometimes feel uncertain about what I can do. I started supporting them for a long time, even if it was just a little bit, because I could help them through donations.

donor_2
Yoo Hyun-sang
For a better me and the planet
As I get older, convenience and my own interests become more important to me, and I am grateful that Greenpeace's activities help me reflect on myself.

donor3
Jang Bitna

Changes made by the power of citizens
Greenpeace
has worked with individual donors for the past 50 years to give a fair voice to governments and corporations.

The Earth we will live on in the future also needs you.

Join us
Greenpeace Sponsorship FAQs
Q1. When will the first donation be paid after the sponsorship is completed?
The first donation will be paid as soon as the donation is completed. The regular donation payment date is the 10th of every month. If the payment is not made, the payment will be re-paid on the 15th, 20th, and 27th of the same month.

Q2. What happens if the payment date falls on a public holiday or weekend?
If automatic transfer falls on a public holiday or weekend, payment will be made on the next banking day. (*If the day before the payment date is a holiday at the Seoul office, it may be delayed by one day.)
Credit cards are processed on the due date regardless of whether it is a holiday or not, but may be delayed to the next business day during system processing.
Q3. Can minors also sponsor?
Sponsors under the age of 14 may make donations with the consent of their legal representative. Minors between the ages of 14 and 19 may only make regular donations of up to 30,000 won and one-time donations of up to 300,000 won.

Q4. If I make a donation, can I receive a year-end tax deduction benefit?
You can receive year-end tax deduction benefits. After signing up, please be sure to enter your personal information for year-end tax settlement. Greenpeace does not receive government or corporate sponsorship in order to maintain independence.

Q5. How do I inquire about sponsorship?
For other inquiries, please refer to the FAQ. Also, please contact the Sponsorship Management Team by email at help.kr@greenpeace.org or by phone at 02-3144-1997 (Weekdays 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM)