Latest News Marine 3 minutes September 13, 2021

section
The East Sea, the hottest since meteorological observations, 'The squid has melted!'
Written by: Greenpeace Seoul Office
Ulleungdo residents say: "The squid melted," he said. What can we do for this year's East Sea, which has the hottest water temperature since meteorological observations, and for the seas around the world that are constantly getting hotter?
Last July was the month that recorded the highest temperature in 23 years since the Korean sea started meteorological observations. I also did Ulleungdo fishermen expressed their concerns about ocean warming by expressing that 'the squid has melted'. Climate change, ocean warming caused by global warming, how serious is the situation?

article1
Ocean warming, what is it?
In a report published in 2014, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) said:
“Climate change will reduce marine biodiversity and reduce fisheries productivity. Warming is expected to result in migration of marine species and change in species abundance and catch potential. The dissolved oxygen minimum layer and the anaerobic dead zone will gradually expand, putting a strain on fish habitats
. In addition to those identified by the IPCC, the scope and magnitude of the actual skin-to-skin effects are even more serious.



The ocean's uptake of CO 2 is equivalent to that of both terrestrial forests and plants combined. From 1971 to 2010, the oceans absorbed 93% of the heat gained from warming of the atmosphere, oceans and soil and melting glaciers. The warming was most severe in the Southern Ocean, tropical/subtropical Pacific, and tropical/subtropical Atlantic Oceans, with the water temperature in the upper 75m rising by an average of 0.11°C per decade between these periods. 

The heat absorbed from the top of the water moves to the depths due to waves, currents, and currents, and the temperature continues to rise from the deep sea to the sea level. Deep sea temperatures will continue to rise until 2050, even if greenhouse gas emissions from land are reduced. 

What will the marine ecosystems affected by this look like? 

 
article2
Squid and pollock disappeared from the East Sea
Ocean warming is a global phenomenon, but it is said that the rate of increase in water temperature in domestic waters is fast. As a result, sea level rise and high-intensity typhoons are appearing. According to the National Institute of Fisheries Science, the catch of 1.5 million tons in the 1990s decreased to 1 million tons in the 2010s. 



Squid, which was known to be mainly caught in the East Sea of ​​Korea, has now become a fishing ground in the West Sea. Pollack, which is known to be caught in cold waters, is mainly caught in the East Sea in winter, but the seeds have long since dried up. 

 
article3
Arctic sea ice extent decrease
From 1979 to 2013, sea ice changes were detected in all glacial areas except the Bering Sea. During the summer, the period of glacial decline increased by 5 to 10 weeks, and in Russia's Barents Sea by more than 20 weeks. According to the results of the Arctic Sea Ice Area Survey in September 2020, the Arctic sea ice area was the second smallest since observations began about 40 years ago. 



The summer water temperature in the Arctic Ocean is currently 2~3°C higher than the average value from 1982 to 2010, and the number of individuals is decreasing as the sea ice, the habitat and survival base of Arctic animals such as polar bears, seals, and walruses, disappears. . 

 
article4
Effects of ocean acidification
Ocean acidification is one of the serious phenomena that occurs as the sea temperature rises. The absorption of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere into the ocean is positive in terms of reducing the impact of climate change on land, but as the acidity of the ocean increases, it seriously affects the marine ecosystem. Marine organisms such as calcareous plankton, shellfish, sea urchins, crustaceans, and deep-sea corals use dissolved carbonates to form shells and external skeletons, which are the high-risk species most affected by ocean acidification. 



According to a recent study, it is predicted that by 2050 about 70% of deep-sea corals below 1,500 m in the North Atlantic will be threatened by ocean acidification. 93% of the Great Barrier Reef, the world's largest coral reef, is undergoing coral bleaching, which is also causing the loss of many marine life in coral reefs. In addition to this, it is ocean acidification that causes developmental disorders in the process of breeding and settlement of invertebrates, and decreases the growth and fertility of fish and cephalopods. 

In addition , there has been news recently that a coral called sea strawberry, classified as a 'temperate marine life', was discovered near the East Sea and is increasing by 15% compared to five years ago . The water temperature in our waters is rising twice as fast as the global average, and the emergence of temperate and subtropical marine life is a time when we are feeling the seriousness of it.

 

It is greenhouse gases that have made the sea so hot. In addition to carbon reduction efforts, the designation of strong marine protected areas must provide time and space for the oceans to recover. To ensure that 30% of all high seas can be designated as marine protected areas by 2030, we must unite and speak out. Please join us so that the Korean government can designate a strong marine protected area through active decision-making at the UN Maritime Agreement next year for the warmer sea.

Join for the hot sea