[상단제목]
Greenpeace Terms of Use

[문단 - 배경강조]
Greenpeace Foundation Membership Terms of Use

[내 순차 목록 - 01]
Article 1 Purpose
    [문단 - 01]
    These Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as the “Terms”) are intended to regulate the content of services provided by the Greenpeace Foundation (hereinafter referred to as the “Foundation”) to supporters (hereinafter referred to as “Members”) who promote environmental protection awareness and develop environmental protection projects, as well as the rights, obligations, and responsibilities of the parties.

[내 순차 목록 - 02]
Article 2 Definition of Terms
    [문단 - 01]
    The terms used in these Terms and Conditions are defined as follows:

    [내 순차 목록 - 01]
    A "member" is defined as an individual who agrees with and supports the purposes and public interest of the foundation as stipulated in the foundation's articles of incorporation, pledges to support the foundation's work through regular donations, and receives information and services provided by the foundation to "members" accordingly. A "new donor" acquires membership status the year following the year in which they began their donation. Even if they are newly initiated as a regular donor, anyone with a history of regular or one-time donations within the past 12 months is considered a "member."

    [내 순차 목록 - 02]
    A “new supporter” is a person who has initiated a new support in any year and is not a “member”, and includes both regular and one-time supporters.

    [내 순차 목록 - 03]
    'Service' refers to all online and offline services provided by the Foundation to its members (donation, distribution and related online and offline event information, online system, issuance of donation receipts and other supporting documents, etc.).

[내 순차 목록 - 03]
Article 3 Establishment of sponsorship and acceptance of sponsorship

    [내 순차 목록 - 01]
    Sponsorship is established upon the sponsor's agreement to the terms and conditions and the foundation's approval of the sponsorship application or donation payment.

    [내 순차 목록 - 02]
    Agreement to the terms and conditions is considered to be given when you click the "Agree" button when making a donation or applying for sponsorship, or when you sign the application form by hand or apply for membership by phone.

    [내 순차 목록 - 03]
    Sponsors who wish to support the Foundation's work through ongoing support must provide the information requested by the Foundation. The information provided will be managed in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Policy, the Personal Information Protection Act, and other relevant laws.

    [내 순차 목록 - 04]
    Sponsors can make donations using their real names, and the foundation may request verification of the sponsor's real name.

    [내 순차 목록 - 05]
    When a minor wishes to apply for sponsorship in his or her own name, consent to provide personal information and sponsorship registration from a legal representative is required in accordance with relevant laws.

    [내 순차 목록 - 06]
    If a parent or legal representative wishes to apply for sponsorship in the name of a minor child, the Foundation may request verification of the parent or legal representative's real name.

    [내 순차 목록 - 07]
    Any information submitted in a donation application using another person's name without their consent may be revoked by the Foundation at its discretion. In such cases, the person who has used another person's name will be ineligible to claim any rights and may be subject to punishment in accordance with applicable laws.

    [내 순차 목록 - 08]
    The Foundation may refuse to accept or process any sponsorship application or donation that falls under any of the following categories.
        [내 비순차 목록 - 01]
        If the information in the sponsorship application form is false
        [내 비순차 목록 - 02]
        When the application is made for the purpose of disturbing the peace and order of society or public morals.
        [내 비순차 목록 - 03]
        If you apply for sponsorship for the purpose of profit-making activities not agreed upon with the foundation
        [내 비순차 목록 - 04]
        If you apply using another person's name without the consent of the person concerned
        [내 비순차 목록 - 05]
        If the application is made in violation of any other provisions stipulated in these Terms and Conditions

    [내 순차 목록 - 09]
    In the following cases, acceptance of sponsorship applications or donations may be withheld until the reasons for the restriction are resolved.
        [내 비순차 목록 - 01]
        If a problem occurs in the foundation's system, etc.
        [내 비순차 목록 - 02]
        If work is delayed due to a lack of facilities or operating personnel at the foundation
        [내 비순차 목록 - 03]
        In case it is difficult to complete the application due to other reasons attributable to the foundation

    [내 순차 목록 - 10]
    For members who have agreed to automatic annual donation increases based on inflation, the Foundation will notify members of their donation amounts for the following year at the end of each year. The announced donation amounts will be applied and withdrawn from the following year starting in January.

    [내 순차 목록 - 11]
    Members may choose to consent to or withdraw their automatic donation amount increase through the Foundation's sponsorship website or email, or through other methods provided by the Foundation. If a member withdraws consent, the Foundation will withdraw the same amount of donation for the following year.

[내 순차 목록 - 04]
Article 4 Validity and Changes to Terms of Use
    [내 비순차 목록 - 01]
    These Terms and Conditions apply to members who express their intention to make a donation online, through other written applications, by phone, etc., and become effective upon posting on the Foundation's website.
    [내 비순차 목록 - 02]
    If reasonable grounds arise, the Foundation may revise or change these Terms and Conditions, provided that such revisions do not violate applicable laws and regulations. Any revised or changed Terms and Conditions will be notified to members via online notice or email seven days prior to the effective date, and will take effect on the effective date.
    [내 비순차 목록 - 03]
    If a member does not agree to the changed terms and conditions, he or she may discontinue use of the service and withdraw from membership. If the member continues to use the service after the terms and conditions have been changed, the member will be deemed to have agreed to the changes.
    [내 비순차 목록 - 04]
    If a member agrees to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, these Terms and Conditions will take precedence over the Foundation's service provision, the member's use of the Service, donations, and contributions. Matters not specified in these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by applicable laws and regulations, if applicable. Otherwise, general practice shall apply.


Article 5 Rights and Obligations of the Foundation
The Foundation has the following rights and obligations with respect to its members:

The Foundation notifies its members of the accumulation and distribution of donations by posting them on the Foundation's website and in its business reports or by mail.
The Foundation provides information on various projects related to its members and opportunities to participate in events.
The Foundation issues receipts for donations to members in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
The Foundation must process member opinions related to the operation and management of the service through appropriate procedures.
The Foundation protects members' personal information in accordance with its privacy policy.
Article 6 Members' Rights and Obligations
Members can receive information about various projects carried out by the Foundation.
Members can receive guidance on the funds they wish to donate and how they will be distributed.
Members can participate in activities such as donation and distribution events provided by the Foundation.
Members can donate through services such as providing expertise to carry out the foundation's unique purpose projects.
Members can make donations through various payment systems provided by the foundation (CMS, credit card, bank transfer, direct debit, mobile phone, etc.).
Members may not use the Foundation's brand, logo, or services for personal profit or commercial purposes without the Foundation's prior consent, and the Foundation is not responsible for the consequences of such activities. Furthermore, if such activities result in or are expected to result in damages to the Foundation, the member is liable for damages to the Foundation. The Foundation may restrict the member's use of the service and seek compensation through legal procedures.
Article 7 Loss of membership
Membership will be lost in the following cases:

When a member expresses his/her intention to withdraw from membership
If you plan or execute the use of the service for the purpose of harming the public interest
If you use someone else's name
In case of violation of other related laws or business conditions and terms of use established by the foundation
Article 8 Personal Information Processing
The Foundation protects the personal information of its members and posts the details under the name of “Personal Information Handling Policy” on the main screen of the Foundation website and on the personal information management page.
The main contents mentioned in the 'Privacy Policy' are as follows.
Personal information management officer and person in charge
Personal information collection method and content
Reasons for collecting personal information and purposes of use
Personal information retention and use period
When providing personal information to a third party
Access, correction, and withdrawal of personal information
Other matters regarding personal information protection
Article 9 Changes and suspension of services
Unless there are special circumstances, the Foundation will ensure that members can use the service continuously and stably.
The service may be subject to change or discontinuation due to circumstances of the foundation.
The Foundation will notify members of any significant changes, such as service interruptions.
Article 10 Disclaimer
The Foundation is exempt from responsibility for providing services to members in the following cases:

In case the Foundation cannot provide services due to natural disasters, war, or other similar force majeure.
When a period telecommunications service provider suspends or fails to normally provide electricity, telecommunications, or transportation services.
When normal business operations are difficult due to reasons such as maintenance, replacement, regular inspection, or construction of service facilities.
Service disruption due to member's fault
If a member provides inaccurate sponsor information
Article 11 Return of Sponsorship Funds
Donations made to the Foundation by members cannot be returned due to the donor's fault or simple change of mind, except in exceptional cases such as when the Foundation is at fault or receives a return order from the competent authority.

Foundation's responsibility (example)
If the Foundation makes an error in the member's personal information, financial information, pledge amount, or withdrawal date during the member's donation payment process.
If the foundation fails to provide guidance to members regarding repayment of unpaid donations.
If the Foundation makes an error regarding the pledged amount or withdrawal date during the withdrawal process.
If the Foundation fails to receive a member's request for cancellation of sponsorship
Sponsor's fault (example)
If a member updates their CMS account information through the Payinfo system, automatic withdrawals of donations will resume.
If a member requests a refund of a previously paid donation due to changes in financial circumstances, dissatisfaction with the campaign, or a simple change of heart.
Article 12 Dispute Resolution and Jurisdiction
If any dispute or objection arises regarding these Terms and Conditions, or if either party wishes to terminate or cancel these Terms and Conditions, both parties shall make every effort to resolve the matter amicably.
If the dispute cannot be resolved amicably through mutual agreement, both parties shall resolve the dispute through litigation in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Korea, with the court with jurisdiction over the location of the Foundation as the competent court.
[Supplementary Provisions] These Terms and Conditions shall apply from January 1, 2023.