Marine protection
Marine
Start date
November 2013
Area of ​​Interest
Global
20%
 

[content1]
Campaign Objectives
In order to protect the ocean as a sustainable space, we are requesting UN member states, including Korea, to enact a maritime treaty and designate 'marine protected areas' with international binding force.

[content2]
Did you know?
The high seas, which cover 61% of the total ocean surface, are completely unprotected from human profit-seeking activities. Despite the most effective way to protect the oceans, marine protected areas, which prohibit all human activities such as fishing, scientific experiments, and tourism, cover only 2% of the world’s oceans.

[content3]
Problem
The oceans are suffering from climate change, plastic pollution, deep-sea mining, oil drilling, fishing, and other human activities for profit. Marine life populations, including sea turtles, coral reefs, and sharks, have declined dramatically over the past few decades. The problem is that there is no international agreement to protect the high seas, or areas outside national jurisdiction. Greenpeace is demanding that the international community fulfill its responsibility to protect the high seas by enacting a UN marine convention that will serve as the basis for designating 'marine protected areas'.

[content4]
Research and Investigation
Greenpeace started the Antarctic Ocean Protection Campaign in 2018 and has been working with academia to raise awareness of the severity of the crisis facing the ocean and the need for ocean protection.

June 2021 (Completed)
World Oceans Day Commemoration: 'Solutions for Crisis Oceans, Marine Protected Areas' Report Released

July 2022 (Completed)
Global shark report <Hooked on Sharks> published, detailing the destructive overfishing of sharks in the world's oceans caused by longline fishing

January - March 2022 (Completed)
Conducting an Antarctic expedition to investigate changes in the Antarctic ecosystem and marine environment due to the climate crisis with the Greenpeace environmental monitoring ship 'Arctic Sunrise'

March 2022 (Completed)
Global 'Squids in the Spotlight' Report Released, Showing the Reality of Destructive Squid Overfishing in the World's Oceans

[content5]
Campaign activities
Greenpeace is conducting research and investigation activities using environmental surveillance vessels to raise awareness of the urgency of concluding a UN maritime treaty, and together with Ocean Defenders, a civic group that delivers Greenpeace's message of ocean protection, Greenpeace has demanded that the Korean government delegation conclude a UN maritime treaty.

June 2022 (Completed)
To celebrate World Oceans Day, we are holding a giveaway event for 'sea creature illustration wallpapers' including whales, penguins, and coral reefs to convey the message of expanding the high seas marine protection zone.

July 2022 (Completed)
Greenpeace Antarctica Photo Exhibition Vividly Captures the Antarctic Ecosystem as Seen from an Environmental Monitoring Ship Held in Yongsan, Seoul

August 2022 (Completed)
Using 300 drones, endangered marine species were launched into the night sky of Seoul Forest Park to urge world leaders, including Korea, to sign a global marine treaty.

February 2023 (Completed)
Marine protection screening held on the large screen at Hangang Park to urge the conclusion of a maritime treaty

March 2023 (Completed)
A historic 'global ocean treaty' to protect the world's oceans was signed at the UN Convention on the Conservation of Marine Biodiversity Emergency Meeting held in March 2023.

[slider1 - carousel]
Daily Challenge for the Earth
Marine
Avoid eating endangered seafood
1614 people participating
Join us

Marine
Do not eat fry (young fish) or fish eggs.
974 people participating
Join us

Marine
Cleaning up trash on the beach and sandy shore
971 people participating
Join us

Marine
Use inorganic sunscreens that do not contain oxybenzone, octinoxate, etc., which kill coral reefs.
778 people participating
Join us

Marine
Avoid using cleansers or household products that contain microplastics.
1478 people participating
Join us

[slider2 - carousel]
Latest marine conservation activities

Marine Report
Reading time 4 minutes March 13, 2024
Exploring the Galapagos, where mythical sea creatures live and breathe

Marine Report
September 14, 2023
[Report] Ocean Protection through Global Marine Treaties - A Roadmap to Achieving 30x30

General press release
Reading Time 4 March 6, 2023
[Press Release] UN 'Global Ocean Treaty'... Greenpeace "A New Leap Forward in Ocean Protection to Alleviate Climate Crisis"

Marine Press Release
February 16, 2023
[Press Release] Large Screen Video Appears in Hangang Park, Sign Global Marine Treaty to Protect Human Assets in the High Seas

General press release
August 18, 2022
[Press Release] The Whale Loved by Woo Young-woo Appears in the Sky of Seoul, “Please Save the Ocean”

--------------------------------------
Make a difference with your support!
Greenpeace operates solely on private donations to ensure political and financial independence. Your donations will help us tackle key environmental issues.

one
Support Us