[상단 제목]
Plastic Zero
Ocean
Start date
November 2018
Area of ​​Interest
global
80%
 
[문단배너 - 01]
Campaign Objectives
Plastic pollution is approaching as a crisis. We must break free from plastic pollution by concluding a legally binding international plastics agreement, reducing plastic production, and transitioning to a system based on reuse and refilling.

[문단 사진 구성]
Did you know?
Microplastics are being found everywhere—from the snow of Antarctica and wildlife feces to our blood and breast milk. Plastic is overwhelming our lives. However, the global recycling rate remains at just 9%. Made from over 99% fossil fuels, plastic emits greenhouse gases even after it is produced and discarded, exacerbating the climate crisis.

[문단배너 - 02]
Problem
Disposable plastics, which account for 40% of total production, are mostly replaceable and unnecessary. It is a 'disposable' culture where items are used once and thrown away. Due to this convenience, we are producing, consuming, and disposing of large amounts of plastic.

[주제 목록 구성 - 01]
Research and investigation
Through various research studies, it points out the consumption of single-use plastics and the limitations of recycling based on objective information, urging changes in companies and the government.

November 2021
Publication of the citizen-participatory plastic waste disposal survey report '2021 Plastic Stay-at-Home Survey: The Naked Truth of Disposables'

December 2022
Publication of '2022 My Plastic Tracker,' the report on the third-year citizen-participatory plastic waste survey, 'Plcock Survey.'

March 2023
Publication of the report 'Plastic Korea 2.0 - Falling into the Swamp of Plastic Consumption in the COVID-19 Era,' which analyzes domestic plastic waste generation trends and single-use plastic consumption footprints.

January 2024
Publication of the '2023 Plastic Emission Enterprise Survey Report - We Drink Disposable'

September 2024
Published Report 'Be Brave to Watch TV – The Reality of Disposable Plastics in Entertainment Programs Examined by AI'

June 2025
Announcement of results of the microplastic survey conducted at Gimnyeong Beach in Jeju


[주제 목록 구성 - 02]
Campaign activities
To solve the global problem of rampant plastic, governments and corporations must change. International regulations are also necessary. Since 2019, Greenpeace Seoul has been calling on the Ministry of Environment to find solutions to reduce the use of single-use plastics.

2020~
Plastic Emission Survey with Citizens (Plock Survey)

February 2021
Actors Ryu Seung-ryong and Park Jin-hee and the "Be Brave" Campaign

November 2024
#WeAreWatching giant flag performance urging the establishment of a strong international plastics agreement


[챌린지 목록 -  Challenge List / 참여방식 토글(toggle)]
Daily Challenge for the Earth

plastic
Use a tumbler or mug
3,978 people participating 
Join in

plastic
Do not buy individually packaged vegetables or fruits
1,815 people participating
Join in

plastic
Bring a reusable water bottle when exercising
2,316 people participating
Join in

plastic
Use reusable straws
1,899 people participating
Join in

[최신기사목록 - 플라스틱 제로]

Plastic press release
[Report] Ready to graduate from plastic… 8 out of 10 citizens say “I want to reduce plastic”
June 22, 2026

Latest Plastic News
Microplastics in squeeze baby food
June 1, 2026

Latest Plastic News
The reason why you can't buy trash bags because of the war in Iran
April 30, 2026

Plastic press release
[Statement] 'Post-Plastic' Blueprint Amidst Naphtha Crisis: Recommendations Alone Are No Longer Enough
April 28, 2026