Latest News Marine 5 minutes Oct 08, 2018

mainSection
Greenpeace's History Against Commercial Whaling
Written by: Greenpeace Seoul Office
Commercial whaling put the world's largest whale species at risk, and drove some whales to the brink of extinction throughout the 20th century.

Whaling for meat, oil, and bones has been around for a long time, but explosive harpoons and mega-industrial whaling ships have emerged to plunder whales. They are having a far more terrifying effect than they were centuries ago.

As whale catches declined, whaling nations formed an organization that would later become the International Whaling Commission (IWC).

IWC meeting in Brighton, UK<IWC meeting held in Brighton, UK>

When the member states first met, they learned that each country has a different sea creature called 'whale'. When IWC took over, the majority of whales caught at the time were baleen and sperm whales, also known as giant whales, so many of the other animals we commonly know as 'whales' were not protected.

The IWC was founded in 1946 and it took 20 years just for the countries involved to agree to stop killing blue whales. Because there were very few objects left. The largest of all whales, the blue whale was the first to be mercilessly slaughtered. This was the world's first ban on whaling.

In the mid-1970s, Greenpeace's early anti-whaling campaign brought the world's attention to the whaling industry in a way never seen before. By showing the public videos and photos of whales being brutally killed, they were able to turn public opinion against 'anti-whaling'.

As whale catches declined, whaling nations formed an organization that would later become the International Whaling Commission (IWC).

Rainbow Warrior Sailor<Rainbow Warrior sailors holding up banners that read “Save the whales,” 1978.

This ban on whaling, which came into force in 1986, is one of the key success stories that marks the practical end of mass whaling that has been going on for over 100 years. It was also a groundbreaking agreement between countries to control what was happening in the 'high seas', a region beyond its borders.

Since 1986, we have been aware of a growing human impact on the oceans, posing a new threat to the remaining whale populations around the world. Our whales have to fight the catastrophes of climate change, habitat loss, overfishing, fishing nets, noise, toxic pollution and growing plastic waste in the ocean.

The whaling ban has been constantly threatened and weakened since its announcement. In objection, exploiting loopholes, and in the name of 'scientific whaling', several countries have continued commercial whaling to this day. Although whaling doesn't make environmental and economic sense, there are those who just want to lift the whaling ban and once again legalize whaling in the high seas.

Historically, the commercialization of large, slow-growing animals like whales has always resulted in overhunting and overfishing. Think of the crisis facing rhinos and elephants. The remaining whales around the world today need more protection than ever before. And instead of the endless debate over commercial whaling, IWC should focus on protecting endangered whales and dolphins and their habitats.

However, the reality is that the whaling ban is threatened for political reasons, and if the whaling ban is lifted, it is not because the 'pro-whalingists' have won the lobby, but because the 'whale protection' government has not invested enough political resources and efforts.

However, if we make it clear to politicians what our citizens want, we can change the outcome.

Citizens who want to protect whales<Greenpeace supporters held an anti-whaling rally in Parliament and delivered the signatures of citizens. The petition was signed by 53,000 New Zealanders and asked the government to protect the future of whales around the world.

Whales play an important role in the functioning of marine ecosystems, including storing carbon, recycling nutrients, and mixing ocean layers. Our oceans will become increasingly depleted and weak without whales, and the world we live in will be affected as well. That's why, right now, we must act to save the whales.

Whales now face so many threats. One thing we can and should stop immediately is commercial whaling. Instead of discussing lifting the whaling ban, we should agree to address the threat the whales face right now.