Latest News Marine 7 minutes February 01, 2019

mainSection
Photo Story: Explore the Great Southern Reef Full of Mysterious Creatures
Written by Greenpeace East Asia Seoul Office
Australia's gigantic coral reef, the Great Barrier Reef, is known around the world as a beautiful destination for water sports enthusiasts. However, little is known about the Great Southern Reef, also Australia's pristine coral reef.



Just across the Gulf of Great Australia, the Great Southern Reef is a massive coral reef stretching 8,100 kilometers from the Pacific to the Indian Ocean. It is also one of the richest and most active ecosystems on the planet.

The area's coral reefs, which form a vast undersea forest, absorb carbon and are home to hundreds of rare sea creatures. 85% of these creatures are rare, found nowhere else in the world outside of these coral reefs. This affluent environment attracts thousands of whales from Antarctica to breed and raise their young.

However, there is very little research or documentation about this area as it is a very difficult environment for people to explore. Therefore, the scientific investigation of the Rainbow Warrior (Greenpeace's environmental watchdog) on ​​the Great Southern Reef is of greater significance.

More than 400 new species of marine life have been discovered in the Great Southern Reef in a recently published study . Home to countless life forms, this beautiful coral reef is sadly under threat from oil drilling and oil spills in the Great Australian Gulf.

This poses a devastating threat not only to the marine life that lives on the reef, but also to the fishing, tourism and sports industries, as well as the coastal communities that depend on the coral reefs.

Greenpeace dived and surveyed an area that had never been scientifically investigated on Kangaroo Island in South Australia. And, along with the incredible beauty of the region, we have gathered numerous evidence to confirm the rich biodiversity. Please enjoy the photos together!

fan coral

Fan corals and sponges found on Kangaroo Island. In this area, colorful coral reefs gather together to form a spectacular sight.

Harley Quinn Fish

A beautiful harlequin fish (Othos dentex) found on the Seven Mile Reef on Kangaroo Island.

nudibranch

This colorful nudibranch is a marine gastropod mollusk that boasts beautiful colors and patterns but lacks a protective shell.

Southern Blue Devil

The name of this mysterious fish is the Southern Blue Devil, which is very difficult to photograph because it hides in a cave with a lot of shyness.

coral reef survey

Marine ecologist Georgina Wood is examining coral reefs on Kangaroo Island.

nudibranch 2

A nudibranch that boasts a strange pattern

Install diver communication equipment

Stefan Andrews, an underwater videographer and marine biologist, is installing a diver communication device to connect to the internet.

Kingscote Pier Survey

Marine ecologist Georgina Wood surveys Kingscote Pier on Kangaroo Island.

decoration crab

These long-clawed crabs are often called “decorative crabs” because they camouflage themselves with immobile animals and plants to find food.

people against oil

Marine ecologists Georgina Wood and Sam Owen hold Greenpeace's "Op-Oil" banner.

With climate change threatening the entire planet, we no longer need oil exploration or drilling. If we switch to renewable energy, there will be no need to destroy clean ecosystems like the Great Southern Reef.
If more people know and share this fact, they can tell the Australian government that the world is watching the Great Southern Reef and strongly demand that they act quickly to protect it.

Greenpeace, together with scientists, conducts research and surveys of little-known marine ecosystems, and records rare species that will disappear due to environmental degradation and beautiful and mysterious underwater landscapes to inform citizens around the world. In addition, we are conducting a campaign calling for the expansion of marine protected areas and a campaign demanding that we switch to renewable energy instead of fossil fuels that exacerbate climate change and destroy the environment. Join Greenpeace as a treasure trove of life and protect marine ecosystems!

Protecting the Marines Together (mainSignPage)