Latest News Marine 3 minutes July 26, 2021

section
The Arctic in Crisis, What's going on in the sea?
Written by: Greenpeace Seoul Office
[Ocean! Is this Merseon 129? Series 5] Ocean Crisis The Arctic is no exception. As the Earth's temperature rises, glaciers are lost, and Arctic ecosystems are also collapsing. Check out 'The Arctic in Crisis'.
 

The Arctic has one of the most unique and majestic natural environments on Earth. It is a place far away from where I live, a place I would like to visit at least once in my lifetime, but the Arctic is an existence that affects the entire planet, humanity, and ecosystem. But is it because they are so far away? More and more glaciers are melting each year, but we are not aware of Arctic conservation.



The Arctic is the only deep sea covered by glaciers on Earth, the habitat of polar bears and the breeding grounds of millions of migratory birds. But over the past 100 years, the average Arctic temperature has been about twice as high as the average global temperature rise. Arctic ecosystems are changing very rapidly in high temperatures. Protecting the Arctic can no longer be delayed. 

 
article1
melting glacier


The total area of ​​average summer sea ice has been shrinking rapidly over the past 30 years. As glaciers melt and seawater expands due to climate change, the sea level is rising by about 3 mm per year. Summer water temperatures in the Arctic Ocean are now 2-3°C higher than the 1982-2010 average. Also, from the late 1970s to 2017, the size of summer sea ice decreased by 50%. Already, scientists have found that the minimum extent of Arctic sea ice is the second smallest since observations.

 
article2
Why polar bears are endangered


Polar bears are highly sea ice dependent animals. Sea ice is the base that polar bears hunt, mate, and raise their cubs, that is, the basis of the polar bear's life cycle. But the sea ice is melting, and the polar bears are expending more energy to find enough food. As they travel long distances for food, the mortality rate of polar bear cubs is increasing. 

 
article3
Disappearing habitats of seals and walruses


The timing of sea ice break is very important, as seals that depend on glaciers must wean their pups before the glacier breaks. If this period is not secured, the survival rate of the pups will decrease. Also, walruses rest on drift ice and forage in shallow waters. With the loss of summer glaciers, walruses began to congregate on land. As too many individuals flock to the land, there is a problem that they trample each other and die.

 
article4
Arctic fish changes and food shortages


The distribution of many fish species in the Arctic Ocean is also changing. Direct and indirect factors such as water temperature and food chains are very important when choosing a suitable area to inhabit. For thousands of years, the Arctic Ocean has had low salinity and low water temperatures, but climate change is leading to environmental changes, which can result in a mixture of species. Due to this, there is also a shortage of food, and it is said that due to the rising water temperature, the behavioral rights of boreal fishes are getting higher and higher to the north. 

 



The rate of global warming in the Arctic is more than twice that of other regions. Arctic ecosystems are collapsing due to rising water temperatures, glacial loss, and ocean acidification, and the resulting abnormal climate is becoming more and more frequent around the world. The extreme weather events we are experiencing recently, such as mega-storms, droughts, floods, and heavy snowfalls, are also the result of the circulation of the Arctic Ocean. The Arctic is sending us a serious warning message.

We must strive to protect the ocean, the key to solving climate change. If 30% of the world's oceans are designated as marine protected areas and marine ecosystems are protected, it will be the beginning of preventing the continuing climate crisis. Please join forces to protect the Arctic, which is being destroyed even at this moment, as well as the world's oceans.

Protect the world's oceans.