[상단제목]
Press Release Plastics
 3 minutes June 12, 2025
[Report] Jeju Island residents, including female divers and fishermen, say, "Jeju's ocean has become a giant garbage dump."
[강조 - 색상]
The Jeju Island People's Solidarity for Participatory Democracy (PPRO) joins Jeju residents in calling for a reduction in plastic production.
[작성자부분]
Written by: Greenpeace

[내 비순차 목록 - 01]
"Jeju's ocean has become a giant garbage dump. The new government shouldn't ignore it."
[내 비순차 목록 - 02]
A contaminated marine life doll was handed over to the 21st President.

[이미지 - 01]
[문단 - 01]
On June 5th, Environment Day, the Jeju Island residents and the Jeju Island People's Solidarity held a performance to urge the new government to reduce plastic production by handing over contaminated marine life dolls. Photo courtesy of the Jeju People's Solidarity.

[문단 - 02]
On the 5th, the day of the 2025 World Environment Day celebration, marine life contaminated with plastic appeared at the Jeju International Convention Center. This performance was put on by young fishermen, female divers, children, Jeju residents, civic groups active in Jeju, and activists from the Solidarity for Eradicating Plastic Problems (hereafter, "Plug-Ups"), urging the new government to reduce production and break the vicious cycle of plastic pollution.

[문단 - 03]
The theme of the 2025 World Environment Day event is "End Plastic Pollution." This press conference was held in collaboration with Jeju residents and the Jeju Plant Solidarity, who have been suffering from a sea of ​​plastic waste while the government, concerned about the potential losses to the petrochemical industry, has turned a blind eye to production cuts. The fundamental solution to ending plastic pollution lies in reducing production, but the government has remained stubbornly focused on management for over 20 years. The increasing volume of plastic production and consumption, coupled with the resulting waste, has led to ecological pollution that is now difficult to reverse without reducing production.

[문단 - 04]
Kim Jeong-do, a young Jeju fisherman, said, “I moved to Jeju to make a living in the ocean, but fishing has become about scooping up plastic waste, not catching fish.” He lamented how long we will continue to repeat stopgap measures focused on collection, and demanded that reducing plastic production be clearly declared as a national agenda.

[문단 - 05]
Next, Jeju Haenyeo Lee Yu-jeong said, "On behalf of the silent sea, I have decided not to remain silent any longer." She added that those who spend hours a day diving in the ocean, exposed to dozens of times more microplastics, confessed, "Trash isn't just an unsightly problem; it's a life-threatening threat to us Haenyeo." With a truckload of plastic flowing into the ocean every second, she emphasized that now is the time to have the courage to stop making it.

[문단 - 06]
Next, Choi Ha-min, a third-grader at Jeju Jongdal Elementary School, said, "There are limits to what children can do." He argued that even if plogging and reusable containers are used to address plastic pollution, "if adults don't find ways to reduce the amount of plastic we produce and use, our future could be in real danger," placing responsibility on adults as the ones responsible for solving the problem. He expressed his desire to swim and play in the sand with friends in Jeju's clear ocean, and hoped that his comments today would inspire at least one adult to take action.

[문단 - 07]
Lastly, Faye Ferre, East Asia and Southeast Asia Network Organizer at international environmental organization Break Free From Plastic (BFFP), said regarding this World Environment Day, “I hope this will be an opportunity to remind everyone that we all have a role to play in ending plastic pollution.” She urged the Korean government to support practical solutions such as reducing production in Geneva in August, as the INC-5.2, which will be held in a few weeks, is a rare opportunity to structurally change the response to the plastic pollution problem.

[문단 - 08]
In a press release, the Plastics Solidarity (PPS) pointed out that while South Korea ranks fourth globally in plastic raw material production capacity, the government has yet to make any significant efforts to reduce production in light of environmental concerns. They noted that South Korea hosted the 5th Plastics Convention last year, and criticized, "The government is neglecting the fundamental solution of reducing production, and the resulting damage is being borne by citizens and children who struggle to make a living while coexisting with nature."

[문단 - 09]
He continued, “A large amount of plastic waste that is not incinerated or buried moves into water systems, and plastics account for 80% of marine debris, and plastics are being found throughout water systems around the world, including rivers, coasts, sea surfaces, the deep sea, and polar sea ice.” He added, “Already, 109 million tons of microplastics have accumulated in rivers, and 30 million tons in the oceans.” He emphasized, “People are at the end of the ecosystem destruction that is worsening due to plastics.” He added, “We must stop giving priority to the damage to the petrochemical industry centered on large corporations that will be caused by production reductions themselves, over the problems caused by policies that do not reduce production, such as environmental pollution, ecosystem destruction, and violations of the people’s right to health.”

[문단 - 10]
Kim Seon-a, an activist from Green Korea United who moderated the press conference, concluded by saying, “The UN Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee on Plastic Pollution Response 5.2 (INC-5.2), which is approaching in about two months, is the final meeting to finalize the agreement,” and once again emphasized that the government, as a responsible member of the international community, will play a role in reducing plastic production in the final negotiations for the plastic agreement.

[문단 - 11]
The press conference began 30 minutes before the ministerial roundtable, and was attended by activists from the Jeju Green Coalition, Jeju residents, and the Marine Citizen Science Center Paran, a Green Coalition specialized organization operating in Jeju.

(end)