[상단제목]
Press Release Plastics
 3 minutes June 10, 2025
[Report] Giant 'snow' appears in Jeju on World Environment Day 
Sending a message to the new government: “The world is watching”

[작성자 부분]
Written by: Greenpeace
 
[비순차 목록 - 01]
The 16 civic groups that make up the Ppuli Solidarity hold a giant flag performance

[비순차 목록 - 02]
Following Busan, the eyes of world citizens turn to Jeju to “reduce plastic production”

[문단 - 01]
(2025.6.4) On the 4th, the day the 21st President-elect was decided, a giant 'eye' appeared at the Jeju International Convention Center.

[문단 - 02]
On the morning of the 4th, when the '2025 World Environment Day' commemoration event began, the Plastic Roots Solidarity (solidarity to eradicate the plastic problem) performed a performance in front of the International Convention Center, unfurling the #WeAreWatching flag with eyes drawn on it to demand a 'strong plastic agreement'. The Plastic Roots Solidarity is a solidarity organization comprised of 16 domestic and international organizations.
[이미지 - 01]
[문단 - 03]
On the morning of the 4th, when the '2025 World Environment Day' commemoration event began, the Greenpeace Solidarity held a performance in front of the International Convention Center, unfurling a giant flag with eyes drawn on it to demand a 'strong plastic agreement'. Photo = Provided by Greenpeace

[문단 - 04]
Measuring 30 meters wide and 20 meters tall, #WeAreWatching is a flag created by Swiss artist Dan Acher in collaboration with Greenpeace, with 6,472 citizens from around the world submitting their portraits. Greenpeace also flew this flag in the Busan sky in November last year during the Fifth Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee (INC5) for the Global Plastics Agreement, calling for a strong agreement.

[문단 - 05]
The 2025 World Environment Day event will be held in Korea for the first time in 28 years and will be hosted and organized by UNEP and the Ministry of Environment. The theme of this event is ‘Beat Plastic Pollution.’

[문단 - 06]
Accordingly, the Plastic Solidarity Association held this performance to demand a strong international plastic agreement that includes a reduction in production from the president-elect and the host country, the Korean government, and to deliver the message that 'citizens around the world are watching the governments of the world, including Korea.'

[문단 - 07]
The Korean government previously hosted the 5th Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee (INC5) for the International Plastics Convention in November last year, but failed to demonstrate a responsible attitude as the host country. The International Plastics Convention is a process for UN member states to establish a legally binding agreement on plastic pollution, and was scheduled to be concluded through five negotiation meetings starting in 2022. However, the Busan meeting, which was the 5th meeting, ended without producing an agreement text.

[이미지 - 02]
[문단 - 08]
On the morning of the 4th, when the '2025 World Environment Day' commemoration event began, the Greenpeace Solidarity held a performance in front of the International Convention Center, unfurling a giant flag with eyes drawn on it to demand a 'strong plastic agreement'. Photo = Provided by Greenpeace

[문단 - 09]
After the #WeAreWatching performance, the Solidarity for Environmental Movements released a statement, criticizing, “Last year, Minister of Environment Kim Wan-seop expressed his will to reduce production just before the Busan meeting, but since then, he has maintained an ambiguous attitude by not participating in any actions.” “This has disappointed member states that participated in the agreement, civil societies at home and abroad, and global citizens who had expected a strong agreement.”

[문단 - 10]
They continued, “However, the Korean government still has another chance to correct this,” adding, “As the host of World Environment Day, the host of the previous negotiating conference (INC5), and a member of the Harmonized Alliance of Friendly Countries (HAC), the new government must demonstrate its will and take action to reduce production at the next conference (INC5.2) so that the agreement retains its original meaning and a strong international plastics agreement is reached.”

[문단 - 11]
Meanwhile, the extended meeting, INC5.2, will be held in Geneva, Switzerland in August. The core of the agreement is definitely production reduction, and at the last Busan meeting, about 100 member countries agreed to a strong agreement including production reduction, and voices agreeing to production reduction are growing louder around the world.