Latest News Marine

 5 minutes June 26, 2024

A huge victory to protect the ocean from climate crisis

Written by: Greenpeace International Climate Justice and Responsibility Legal Advisory Team

Citizens fighting for climate change have had a number of victories this year. Recently, a lawsuit brought by small island nations threatened by rising sea levels due to global warming has made a major breakthrough in preventing climate change and protecting the oceans. What is it about?


01
On May 21, the 21 judges of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (ITLOS) unanimously issued an advisory opinion that greenhouse gas emissions constitute marine pollution and that governments should take all measures to prevent, reduce and control such marine pollution. They added that countries should go beyond the requirements of the 2015 Paris Agreement to protect the nations that depend on the ocean for their livelihoods.

This announcement is a huge victory for the oceans. In particular, this international court decision will set a standard for countries to address the climate crisis under international law for decades to come.

This advisory opinion from ITLOS is in response to the efforts of Antigua and Barbuda, Tuvalu and the Commission on Small Island States on Climate Change and International Law (COSIS) to submit two questions to the Court in 2022 on the obligations of governments to protect the marine environment and climate change. Small island states have contributed the least to the climate crisis but face the worst impacts. Wealthy countries that have historically and continuously contributed to the climate crisis must be held accountable.

We are serving as legal counsel to Greenpeace International in this important climate justice case, and we want to tell you what this victory in the maritime court means for the environmental movement.

A water gauge showing sea level in the Lac Kai area, southeast of Bonaire © Marten van Dijl / Greenpeace


02
What is the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (ITLOS)?
In simple terms, ITLOS is an independent international court established by the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) to deal with maritime issues. ITLOS is responsible for adjudicating disputes related to the interpretation and application of maritime conventions. It has jurisdiction over a wide range of maritime issues, including maritime delimitation, environmental protection, navigation rights, and fisheries management, and also provides advisory opinions.

What is an advisory opinion?
An advisory opinion is a legal statement issued by ITLOS in response to a question from an international organization or UN agency. In short, it provides legal guidance to international organizations such as the UN on how to interpret international law.

The advisory opinion from ITLOS , a tool for accountability,
highlights the importance of preventing, reducing and controlling greenhouse gas emissions to protect communities that depend on marine ecosystems. This decision goes far beyond the legal framework, affecting the lives of billions of people whose livelihoods and cultures depend on the ocean.

The ocean is life
The ocean is the life-support system of the planet, absorbing carbon dioxide, regulating temperature, and supporting biodiversity. The ocean is also a way of life for island nations and coastal communities. Sea level rise, ocean acidification, and extreme weather events are threatening their lives, showing the urgent need for climate change action.

ITLOS’s historic victory
ITLOS made it clear that States must meet their obligations under the Paris Agreement, as well as strict obligations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and keep global warming below 1.5°C to protect the marine environment. It also stressed that all marine life is affected by climate change and ocean acidification, so it is essential to preserve marine life and living resources. According to the court, these obligations are intended to mitigate the injustice suffered by developing countries, especially small island states, which are particularly vulnerable to the impacts of the climate crisis.

“We know that sea levels are rising. Because we are surrounded by the ocean, the low-lying areas are the first to suffer, and the land is becoming more and more saline, making it harder to protect nature,”
says Oni Emerenciana, one of the plaintiffs demanding climate justice on the Caribbean island of Bonaire.

03
What does climate change mean for the people of Bonaire? Oni Emerenciana tells her story. Oni Emerenciana is the owner of a kunuku in Bonaire. A kunuku is a small farm. © Roëlton Thodé / Greenpeace
Protecting the oceans is protecting our future. Marine biodiversity is the heartbeat of our planet, and countless communities depend on the ocean for their livelihoods, culture and economies. Marine biodiversity also provides resilience to the climate crisis, provides essential resources for us and maintains the balance of our oceans. This announcement by ITLOS on the climate crisis will serve as a call to action for the world to achieve carbon neutrality, ratify the Global Ocean Treaty and take action to protect marine biodiversity.

Greenpeace is conducting a global campaign for climate justice in solidarity with the climate vulnerable who are suffering the most from the climate crisis, as well as ocean protection.

In solidarity with victims of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines, we launched a climate justice campaign in 2015, and in 2019, the Philippines Human Rights Commission became the first country in the world to recognize that corporations with high carbon emissions are responsible for human rights issues resulting from the climate crisis.
At COP27 in 2022, world leaders agreed to establish a ‘loss and damage’ fund to provide financial support to countries vulnerable to climate crises.
 

Please support Greenpeace by donating to help make a bigger difference! Greenpeace, a global environmental organization, does not receive any government or corporate sponsorship to maintain the independence of its campaigns, and is run solely on donations from citizens.

Support Us(button)