Latest News Marine 5 minutes October 27, 2014

mainSection
Illegal fishing is destroying marine ecosystems and our future
Written by Nahee Kim, Marine Campaigner, Greenpeace Seoul Office
Oceans are increasingly being destroyed and empty due to illegal illegal fishing around the world. This is because illegal fishing activity destroys fragile marine ecosystems, catches marine life in random order, leads to extinction, and destroys the balance of the ecosystem.
The sea is always healthy and the fish can't always be caught indefinitely.

Can the sea always be healthy and the fish can always be caught indefinitely?

People have always thought that the sea is always healthy, so we can catch an infinite number of fish whenever we need it. However, this 'misunderstanding' has led to the threat of extinction of marine life such as whales along with reckless sea pollution. In order not to devastate the sea, 'order' and 'regulation' beyond the scope of a country are needed, and each coastal country has conserved the sea by enacting laws with the minimum conditions to maintain the ecosystem of the sea.

However, catching fish continues without complying with the minimum regulations to support the marine ecosystem. The activity of catching fish without following the rules is what we call “illegal fishing”. 'Illegal fishing' is taking place in the form of catching more fish than the regulations and not reporting properly, catching fish that shouldn't be caught, or even fishing without a license and forging documents.

The sea is increasingly being destroyed and empty due to random illegal fishing.

Oceans are increasingly being destroyed and empty due to illegal illegal fishing around the world. This is because illegal fishing activity destroys fragile marine ecosystems, catches marine life in random order, leads to extinction, and destroys the balance of the ecosystem.

The sea is increasingly being destroyed and empty due to illegal fishing.

Some statistics show how serious the damage to marine ecosystems caused by illegal fishing is. It is known that the actual number of sharks killed by shark fins is 3 to 4 times higher than the officially reported number. How about salmon? It is estimated that illegally caught Russian salmon account for 60-90% of the reported legal catch. It is said that the illegally caught Chilean rice cakes are 5 to 10 times more than the reported amount legally caught. The illegal catch of skipjack tuna and the endangered bigeye and yellowfin tuna is about $500 million a year (more than 500 billion won).

As marine ecosystems are destroyed and fish and marine life suffer, the productivity of the seas is diminishing. If this condition continues, we may face a future where seafood, which we easily ate as a side dish for rice, will become precious as gold in the not-too-distant future. Illegal fishing may not seem to have an impact on our diet right now, but it is clear that it will have an impact in the not-too-distant future.

Illegal fishing also has a devastating effect on poor countries.

It makes poor countries poorer, and the human rights violations of seafarers are also

Illegal fishing also has a devastating effect on poor countries. The waters where illegal fishing takes place are often adjacent to poor countries such as Liberia, Somalia and Sierra Leone in Africa. If you catch fish randomly in the waters of a poor country, as a result, the fishermen of that country will have fewer fish to catch. The damage to the local economy as local fishermen loot the marine resources they can catch is staggering. It is said that the economic loss caused by illegal fishing in the world exceeds 10 trillion won, so you can guess how big it is.

The human rights issue of seafarers working in the deep-sea industry is also one of the major examples of illegal fishing practices. Sailors, who are forced to spend months onboard ships in the open sea, experience violence, beatings, racism and exploitation of wages.

Together with Greenpeace to prevent illegal fishing, which is also a problem in Korea!

Do you understand a little about the illegal fishing problem and what adverse effects it has? What is surprising, however, is the fact that Korea, known as a great power in the deep sea, is using the stigma of an illegal fishing country. Korea was designated as an illegal fishing country by the United States in January last year and a reserve illegal fishing country by the European Union in November last year due to illegal fishing by some deep-sea fishing companies.

The most certain thing that can regulate illegal fishing is the 'law'. The 'Deep Sea Industry Development Act', which is currently used as a standard in deep-sea fishing, is very insufficient to monitor and supervise illegal fishing. Greenpeace has announced the 'Deep Sea Fisheries Policy Reform Plan' so that the government can more reliably manage, supervise and regulate illegal fishing in the deep sea industry, and it continues to communicate with the government.

Also, in order to change this reality, Greenpeace has recently hired 'citizen police' to raise their voices against illegal fishing. If you would like to participate in the activities to cast off the stigma of Korea as an illegal fishing country, and to create a proper policy to monitor and contain companies that commit illegal fishing, please join now! [Join Citizen Police]